 Is the NYT list based on book sales or something else ? ...  Bitcoin's Biggest Headline in Five Years: NYDIG Raises $1 Billion From Morgan Stanley, New York Life Bitcoin has made headlines for a number of different
Because salt lowers the freezing point of water. The concentration of salt and the amount of water are related. Since salt is cheap and effective, and has some impact on the environment, it is not reasonable to expect that there will be an immediate alternative
 Thanks.  HD programming can look pretty bad on a very old, small TV, and it can look great on a big new one. SD programming can look bad on a new TV and look great on an old one. Also, many TVs
 Why hasn't Trump been assassinated? I think it would be the same reason the world hasn't been nuked. What does every American president fear the most? Can Trump get impeached before his first term is up? 
Answer:What led to such rapid development of aviation technology after the first flight by the Wright brothers ? (for large scale production during WWI) The main factor was the wartime need. It is obvious that no nation can fight a war without air
 Thank you !Answer: The first point is that not all humans have the same eye color. I'm Chinese and most of my family have dark brown eyes, but I have blue. In addition, eye color is not a binary trait. There is
 The courts have ruled that you cannot require someone to recite a prayer or to lead in prayer. What you're suggesting is a form of compulsion and would violate the first amendment. Just so you know. The government does not recognize
  If you buy a smartphone and it breaks, can you fix it? Sure you can. It's made in such a way that you can open it up, access the hardware and fix it.  If you buy a dishwasher and it
 And can I find it on amazon. Thank you so much in advance , i appreciate you taking the time to answer this. M:tG is a collectible card game (like Pokemon, etc.) that started in 1993. You can
  This is my original character, her name is Lea. I made this by combining two animals that I like, a squirrel and a bird. I hope you like it!  The Royal Observatory is the location of the Prime Mer
  **A** A hacker is using his keyboard to communicate with the system he is attacking. In most cases he is attacking a computer that has been compromised. Sometimes he is attacking another person using their computer. When he is attacking a compromised computer
 Thank you! Does anybody know if this is an original song? How to deal with depression while at college? So I'm new to this. My son is 20 years old and he has started taking meth and depression medicine. How
  So why do they build their own sets ? Seems like they could easily just use the place they are filming as the set . Seems like they 're using up money that they could use on other things to make the movie look more
 If you are asking for the network part of the system, please see the tor page on Wikipedia . An exit node is any node in the Tor network that is not also an entry node. ( Entry nodes are nodes that are only reachable via Tor
Answer:How does DRM work ? It is a set of rules that limit how you can use digital data. The rules are set by the content owner and enforced by the device. If you buy a song you can't make copies of it.
 Edit : I don't get why banks make people need bank accounts. Bank accounts are really not that useful, unless you're dealing with a lot of money and you don't want to lose it all. However, this is exactly why you'd want
 And for all of you who said cats meow. No , they mew . Meow is the sound you hear cats make in movies and commercials. So they mew and I meow ? This video is completely stupid. They
 What will happen to the United States economy as our debt increases and we continue to ignore it ? Will we eventually have to pay it off ? What if we don't ? Please explain like I'm five. There are two types of debt,
  Because they're racist and homophobic, in general. They want to keep the white, male power structure that exists.  Because they don't want the federal government getting involved in marriage, because they see it as a state issue.
a: This is just a theory, but I think it's pretty interesting and I've not heard it anywhere else. We're primates, and in primates (including humans) REM sleep is when we dream. In fact, we have the
It's because you're expected to be able to hold it that way in case you need to kill somebody with it. If the blade is facing up you would stab yourself. So, it is a defensive move. In a close quarters fight, if
  Absolutely love these glasses, they are so stylish and just the right size for the perfect red wine glass. They feel amazing in the hand.  WOW!!! Just received my new wine glasses, and I am so impressed with them
 The first one, Crest is not a brand but the name of the product. When I think of Crest, I don't think of the brand, I think of the product itself, which is toothpaste. Blend-a-Med
 Forensic psychologists and other criminal profilers gather information about the crime and victim in a particular case. Then they review information about the cases of other criminals. In this way, they develop a profile of the person who committed the crime. Fore
 Thank you . URL_1 https://seekingalpha.com/news/3597467-amd-reports-q3-2021-earnings-revenue-grows-26-yoy-shrinks-from
 ( Note: This is not a question about the plot or the characters , it's purely about what made Harry Potter an all time best seller)I can't be 100% certain that these are the factors which made Harry Potter so successful, but these
 In your opinion, are unions still relevant today ? In what ways does the public or private sector benefit from having unions ? Why do so many people view union's in a negative light ? Should non union workers be required to pay union
  Cameras on spacecraft tend to be very specialized, designed for the mission. Often, you have to decide between resolution (ability to resolve fine details) and field of view (area covered by the camera). This means that to get high
  Many glands produce a lot of the breast milk that a baby needs. Those glands can be temporarily destroyed by radiation or removed with a breast biopsy. Sometimes these glands are only damaged, but do not completely stop working. After
  While I was researching the vulnerability , I read some things that did not make much sense to me . I have been looking for them , but I can't seem to find them . I need to know what these things are so that I can
  Hi guys, can someone please explain why i cant sign in to my Foxtel app on my android phone and when i can get in it says im not subscribed to foxtel and need to subscribe ? Ive paid my Foxt
Thanks. Also, pirates would only chase ships they wanted to rob, and were trying to avoid navy. In those cases, they might have followed another ship's course and waited for the opportunity to overtake it. They could also use triang
A: Mixing paint actually gives you an additive mixture of the colours - it is the light reflected off the painting which produces the resulting colour you see. Mixing lights is different because you are adding the light emitted by two different sources together,
 I've been hearing this since I was a kid, but never understood why they were the "devil incarnate."The two things that have given Monsanto their reputation are Agent Orange and rBGH. Agent Orange Agent Orange was a herbicide used
 To further confuse things, some storm clouds are actually white. Because they are a mix of both water and ice. I suspect you'll get some better answers, though. Storm clouds are typically dark because they contain a lot of water
  @soundthealarm _4_ @brianp4017_Wut?? Noooooo........ I'm just imagining the look on my boss's face if I told him I needed $ 40,000 for a letter
What are the main pros and cons of each ? Why would I choose one over the other ? Thank you.You can see HTML5 (especially Canvas) as a graphics card that has hardware support for 3D but no software driver. So you can
 I'm pre-heating the oven because it takes a little while for the oven to get to 500 degrees. When you pre-heat the oven, you can put the pizza in the oven and by the time the oven gets to 500 degrees
  The Mandalorian is the most cinematic show in the history of cinema. Do you want to watch a bunch of dudes sit around a table and talk about how to film a movie or just watch the show and see what they did ?
a:According to Merriam Webster: filibuster noun Definition of FILIBUSTER: a legislative tactic used especially in the U.S. Senate to defeat bills by dilatory and obstructive actions : stall and especially : to engage in a
 Does anyone know what the model is for the latest winner of MELT 2019? What are some cool techniques to learn? Have you ever wanted to use a technology that you were already familiar with in a way you hadn't before?
 I can't imagine how many people they need to work with and pay and such for a movie that is all about a newborn baby and where do they find newborn babies to use in movies? I can't believe it is not fake. I know they
 For me, weed does a great job of controlling my nausea, as does LSD. Im glad you enjoy weed. Some people don't. Im glad you can appreciate the taste of it. Im glad you enjoy the buzz, the eu
 Happy is short for happy birthday, but I think it's because it's used as an adjective rather than a noun, and adjectives usually stay the same in the plural. " You're a happy man " would be "You're a happy
 No real reason, it's just that Cape Canaveral has a bunch of space history going on, and is closer to the equator. It's the place with the most infrastructure in place, too. There are places with more land
 Actually, I believe Japan is conservative. Just look at the Mako scandal. It's ridiculous that the princess should be forced to choose her husband based on tradition and duty. The family seems more like a private corporation than a royal family. 
  I would love to do this but i have to be on the same side as my girlfriend and it would make me very uncomfortable.  This was my dream job, and after having a series of bad luck, i think i may just
 The US government is very happy to sell off its excess gear to willing buyers. I suspect the North Koreans and Chinese are not very willing. After World War II the US government had tens of thousands of World War II-era jeeps
 It's quite simple, there is a global glut of oil and there is more oil available to be drilled than the demand. It's very simple. Demand for oil has dropped off, not just here but globally. It's simple supply
 Thank you.  My simple answer would be that our legal system has enough problems with trying to get it right the first time. If we allow for cases to be retried because of new evidence then there is a danger of retrying people until
  The way you ask questions, some are really valid, but the rest is just trolling, and I'm pretty sure you know that.  Government needs taxes to pay the public sector, such as health care, infrastructure, and law
If it is a question of who the name refers to, then, for example, the name of the USA in Japanese is "Amerika", and in German it is "die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika". For Japanese and German,
  Virtually all of the essential vitamins and minerals in vegetables and fruits come from the soil. Plants make these nutrients, but they don't make them in sufficient quantities to meet the needs of animals or humans. Therefore, it's necessary to
 Is it proper to say " I'm tired of you " to someone? Can you say that you're only " a little bit sad" if you feel that you're suffering from depression? What are the best school supplies for college? If you
  So, let's break it down. Sewing machines are used to join pieces of fabric together. Whether you are sewing a dress or a cushion cover, these stitches are what hold the fabric together and create a professional-looking result.
 Also, what is Banksy? 4 comments. share. save. hide. report. 67% Upvoted. Log in or sign up to leave a comment log in sign up. Sort by. best. level 1. Comment deleted by user
  Every so often we get a big storm , and every so often we get a huge snowstorm , so why is it when we get a big storm , it usually doesn ' t bring snow with it ? And why is it when we get
Answer:The most basic difference is that GIFs are limited to 256 colors, while the newer file formats such as WebP and JPEG2000 can use as many colors as the user wants. GIF is also a single image file format, while the
answer:It depends on the electricity tariffs used in your country, and the type of bulb. With the same price per unit (kWh, BTU etc), a CFL bulb will use less electricity than an incandescent one to provide the
  Also, is it weird that Putin is so publicly exercising his military in Europe ? ( That is, the tanks and other vehicles he 's paraded around on Russian TV )  This is actually a complicated situation that has a lot of
 The scores can be shared by going to www.act.org and signing in. In the "Your Tests" section, select "Order Additional Score Reports." When the results are ready, you can click "Send Now" in the Order
 EDIT : Is this phenomenon only seen in Japanese language? Or do other languages have the same ( or similar ) thing? ( No need for any examples in other languages other than Japanese , I can do a quick research myself later. ) EDIT
 In simple terms, if the Earth stopped spinning, nothing much would happen. We'd still be in orbit around the sun, and there would be no time differences between different parts of the Earth. What would happen if the earth stopped spinning?
 The purpose of Numberwang is to give all the digits 1 to 9 a numerical value (numerical order is determined by the rules of each game) , and then make a wang of numbers . Example : The game of Numberwang starts with
  I have never seen anything in my dreams . Even if there's a girl in my dreams I never see her face or anything . So how do people with sight see things in their dreams ? Does it depend on the person ? Or do we
 It's a game of points, and passing the ball gives you the opportunity to score more points. You only have so many downs (or plays) to score. The Eagles ran the ball more than anyone in the NFL, and they won
 Your best bet is to talk to your doctor about this. Blood samples are usually taken to test for allergies, but other methods can be used as well. If you are allergic to peanuts, the doctor will likely recommend that you avoid peanuts
answer: A common cause of cancer is an unchecked cell division. When a cell divides, it is important that it copies its DNA so that the two daughter cells are complete copies of the parent cell. For the most part, the machinery for
It's not the number of wings that counts. The question is how many control surfaces there are and how many can be operated at once. If there are multiple wings but only one can be deflected, that's not a multi-wing plane,
 No, what's the evolutionary advantage of Wisdom teeth ? I think that there is a shortage of wisdom teeth. We can't find any others. My guess is that there's an evolutionary advantage to having 32 teeth and that your 32 teeth
 I'm sorry to say that many people in society are poor and can't afford a doctor. It's unfortunate, but this is what you get when a large segment of society is forced to deal with a corrupt medical system that charges a lot of
  And if they're selling it at $40/barrel, why are we bothering to fight them ? I mean, if they have enough money to pay for oil to sell on to the consumer, and we're fighting them, and
 The milky way is our galaxy. We are in it. What is in front of us is only the stars and the dark matter around us. You are just taking a photo of the stars, but it is so dark and so many that you
A:There is a grand jury that investigates whether to indict, and then there is a trial jury that determines the guilt or innocence of the defendant. Grand juries are composed of 12 citizens who serve for 3 months, or up to one year
  I recently picked up a used 2007 Civic and the tires have about 15,000 miles on them. I'm looking to replace them soon, but I'm not sure what brand to go with. I've been doing some research, but I
 Do you have a question about editing that you've been wanting to ask? If you could send it to me, I'll consider using it on the show! 1. How long should a demo reel be? 2. When can
a:Paleontologists look for three key traits: a small bony opening above the eye socket; a chin bone that is not prominent; a bulge in the upper part of the hip bone. (1) The first two traits are
  Smoking a bowl or rolling a joint in public is illegal, so you can't smoke weed on the beach, in a park, or on the boardwalk. If you get caught smoking weed in public, you could be arrested and charged
 Thanks!  I'll be happy to explain. Back when TV shows were shot on film, the only time you could film anything outside was in the spring and summer, when the sun was up longer. Also, since the kids are out of
 My first guess would be from dehydration. Working out at that level of intensity, especially without any kind of prior preparation or adaptation, is a shock to the body. In response, the body releases stress hormones that trigger a "fight or
  1. Can you get an assistant to take a picture of you? 2. No need to post it here if you're not comfortable. 3. Do you have anything else to help you remember?  You don't have
 Thank you !  All perfect praise be to Allaah, The Lord of the worlds. I testify that there is none worthy of worship except Allaah and that Muhammad is His slave and Messenger.  It is an undeniable
 Thanks in advance.A: A government that doesn't collect taxes, has to borrow money to operate. Monaco does not have an independent taxing authority, and relies on funding from France. If it did have its own taxing authority, it would
 My $10 Rice Cooker Cooks All The Things And It's Perfect! Searched online for more information, as I have the exact same cooker, but it only does white rice. It turns out that I just need to push
It's the act of setting up a target, usually an opponent, as a person who agrees with your position, and then proceeding to demonstrate how that position is logically or factually inconsistent. It's an important tool for understanding why people might hold
 In the early days of NASA the countdown would be real, i.e. a rocket was on the launch pad and the clock was running. They would start the clock at T minus ten minutes and then start the sequence. At about T
 When are they gonna shut off the lights ? Let's start with the number of hours these lights are on and why it is that the office lights are on during the night hours. There is not one answer to this question. First,
  So your going to start baiting police on this site as well as FBI and even Trump supporters. My favorite is to post like I'm five . Now they just make the trolls get smarter so they can get around the baiting and ban
 Then the people who can pay the most, pay the most. Then the people who can't afford to pay anything, don't pay anything. The people who can afford to pay more, pay more. People who are rich can
answer:You are correct that stars are just balls of energy. But they have an outer shell of energy that is essentially a ball of gas, called the photosphere. The gas in the photosphere is actually ionized and is very hot. This
  Because a back scratcher isn 't as good as your fingers . When someone else scratches your back , they can scratch your back in all the right spots . Your fingers aren 't as agile as someone else 's fingers . 
 The space capsule needs to be in one piece so that it can be reused. If it is dropped in the ocean, it will break apart, possibly taking critical parts of the capsule with it. The reason is that it is hitting the water
 You might not know who Jazzy Jay is , but you've heard his turntable wizardry. And he has something to say about Jay Z's streaming service Tidal. We spoke with Roy Choi about a bunch of things
  No, it is impossible for the United States to pay off the debt because it has never been done before and it is almost impossible to do so now. The only way to pay off the debt is to raise taxes on the rich and increase
 I know what pixels are and I know how to calculate max resolution but why did manufacturers choose 1366x768 and not another value. If I ask my customer for a laptop, he almost always asks for 1366x768, and I want to
answer:The US Constitution (and the Bill of Rights) are only relevant to people in the United States. However, as an historical document it is also important in legal studies in most countries of the world, including the UK. It has an influence
 I'm curious if this guy just got lucky and found a typo in the system. I know there are a lot of games with ridiculous names but this one is just.. unreal. How do you know he's not a bot? My
  Girlfriends and boyfriends are considered to be quite formal in some situations, such as in work. That's why it's sometimes said in such a way.  My guess is that it's due to it being a non-off
 What does it mean when people say a piece of art is over-priced? Say a business has been sold to another business and is up and running but the original owner is still on the lease, how does this effect the new owners?
 I'm looking for a "as simple as possible " explanation ( as layman as possible , as simple as possible ) with minimal mathematics.Here is the famous quote: If you know the exact position of a particle, you cannot know its exact momentum
