One main difference is that hairless animals do not shed and therefore do not generate allergy causing micro-particles. In addition, hairless animals have fur that does not follow the typical ‘lamp-shade’ pattern and thereby increases the visibility of any puberty hormone induced changes in the fur. Finally, hairless animals cannot generate dander or pollen because they do not have the ability to shed the outer layer of skin which can cause allergy.
The geographical setting of africa is very harsh, sandy, and infertile leading to lack of basic resources which would enable the people of africa to be independent. Africa's population is also less than that of other continents and many other issues. But what holds the ultimate key to africa's backwardness is the lack of free will and will power of the africans which forced by outside influence have been suppressed
Somehow, having an extra chromosome does not result in an increase in general intelligence ( at least not in the general population ).    The issue is that we inherit thousands of genes from our parents.  These genes are random copies of themselves.  Sometimes mutations or "alternate splicing" leads to a gene that is not "functional".  A non-functional gene does not perform any useful function and thus is not required by the individual.  So essentially, there is no use to the individual with a non-functional gene.
Most wars generate revenue,  through war profiteering.  This is where the government loses money by having to pay for the war.  This can apply to many levels such as giving incentives for civilians to enlist and fight, supplying equipment and logistics, making money from a "bankrupt" enemy.  Military contractors can also profit from war.  The U.S military alone accounts for 4% of GDP.
There is no single answer to this, but I suspect that part of it is biological. The human brain is extremely adaptable, and so is hardwired to some extent to the traumas and pleasures of our ancestors. This is one reason why hypnotherapy can be so effective, because people's brains have a memory of a powerful experience that causes their brain to respond in similar ways.  Some of the more extreme fetishes are the ones that are most rewarding to a brain that has been adapted to a strong and aggressive threat ecology. Feet, for example, were likely a form of amusement to a dinosaur with feet and a heel. Bondage was a way to give a knot or a collar a sense of meaning, purpose, and control when other methods of restraining didn't work. Balloons are likely the most extreme fetish for babies, as their brains haven't fully developed the innate sensibilities that are so apparent in adults.
Microwaving destroys many nutrients like vitamins, minerals and phytonutrients which is why you see a loss of nutrients when you cook vegetables.  Also when you heat anything up you are also promoting enzymes which help in digestion and breakdown of nutrients.
When your grandparents tell you scary ghost stories, you might grow up to be a "scary ghost story teller"  -  a scary ghost story teller might go into a career where they scare kids with ghost stories.  Mostly this comes from hearing scary ghost stories from your parents or other relatives growing up.  Scary ghost story tellers might work in the media such as on television or at a museum where kids can scare themselves by hearing ghost stories.  There are even organizations that offer paid ghost story telling classes for people who want to scare themselves with ghost stories.  There are also "scary ghost story telling clubs" for kids to join at their school where they can scare each other with ghost stories.
I think some people dislike Mother Teresa because of her holiness. She would go on Crusades ( which is actually pretty noble ) and go to ex-prisoners homes and feed the poor. People perceive this as being a " Lady like " or "Polite". Some people may not like her because she's actually a slightly brutal person.
because of the domain name shortage. and " xxx ". is the preferred ".com" extension for porn sites.
Truck and Car manufacturers create new models that look and behave like existing models but with new technology in order to increase profit margins. For example, Ford redesigned the F-150 truck to make it look like a smaller, low-cost truck but have higher technology features like self-driving capabilities and backup cameras that made it competitive against the Chevrolet Suburban.
Main parties in the United Kingdom ( UK ) are The Conservative Party, The Labour Party and the Liberal Democrats. The Liberal Democrats are a flirtation party who are not affiliated to any of the others and would appear not to have any candidates standing at this time.
' hostile takeovers work just like good old fashion negotiations but with one key difference which is that instead of an investor or group of investors acquiring the business in an arms race for control they simply borrow funds to spend to support the business and issue more stock in order to take control. This is done to buy the business out of its existing shareholders. The one who gives up control of the business are the ordinary shareholders in it and they have no say in the matter. This is done to get rid of the founder or leaders of the business who would be controlling too many votes. They usually do not disclose what the actual rationale is for doing a hostile takeover but they do reveal some details like it is an option being considered by the board and some of the shareholders have indicated their preference for a hostile takeover. Some companies disclose that they received a'special stock promotion'from the sponsor or parent company and they may not be able to reveal more details. Some sponsors or owners prefer to not to disclose the information considering it will harm their reputation in certain industries or amongst certain groups of investors. They choose to disclose the information if they are acquiring an existing company or creating a new one. Also, sponsors in certain industries have begun using the'dual chartering'or ownership structure in which the
A birthmark is any bodily mark that appears at or just after birth, before birth can fix it, and remains through the person's lifetime. Birthmarks are present at birth and may increase in number or size throughout life. They are present on both the surface of the skin and under the skin. There are more than 6 million birthmarks around the world. The different types of birthmarks include: spider and cap-like marks, cloathlike marks, sunspots,  papular lesions, hepatic hyperlionosis, nevus flammm-bergii, reticulated marks, other diagnoses may include koebnerization and stasis pigmentation.
I honestly have no idea. I assume that Canadian immigrants, often of British descent, helped start these leagues in Canada and sought refuge in North America once the Revolutionary War broke out.
When you give money as a gift it can be considered impersonal.  This is because the money represents a specific amount of money that was earned by the recipient and that money was spent by that person for good or bad.  Gift cards are much more suitable because they allow the recipient to spend the money however they want.
It is very hard to change your name. You have to go to the supreme court, your birth certificate have to be changed to something else, and you have to declare it in a public registry. Depending of the purpose of the name change, it could take from one week to six months.
Well it is, although I don't know what it is exactly that fills you with such great contentment. There are likely many reasons, but maybe you feel validation that others see you as a valuable member of the online community and you feel a sense of belonging to a larger social network. I can only speculate.
I assume you are talking about stranger murders and stranger suicides. These do happen, but I cannot think of any explanation for this particular phenomenon.
In general, the more nasal passages you have, the more mucus you’ll likely produce. This is because your nose has more pathways for your natural cilia to travel down and produce the fluid. However, this can vary person to person and also change from one time to the next. For example, it’s possible for your natural cilia to become worn down from overproduction and result in clogged nasal passages and a form of asthma called allergic rhinitis.
This is where we use the scientific method. We first do an observational study to find out what is causing the disturbance in our orbit, then we conduct laboratory studies to validate our model, and finally we perform experiments to evaluate our results and refine our model before proceeding to build a working design.
Aluminum is an element, as is the foil. When aluminum is cast into a final shape, it's inevitably found to contain a few impurities that are visible as small shiny spots. This shiny layer on the surface of the aluminum foil, just like the shiny layer on the surface of a diamond, is a natural property of the element aluminum. The shiny layer protects the aluminum from the elements and furtherscratches, just like a diamond does.   If you hit a diamond with enough force, the diamond will eventually become dull on the side where the force was applied. The same happens to aluminum foil if you rub it against something too hard, or if it's bent too much. When the aluminum foil gets too dull, it loses its protective shiny layer, and thus becomes duller and duller the more you interact with it. It stops protecting the aluminum at all and can no longer be used as a spare.
The exact answer is still debated. Genetic testing, though, seems to agree with something that was stated in the original 1898 "Transfusion of Blood" by James Blundell: The genetic divergence of the blood groups arose through selective pressure from an infectious disease. More recent evidence seems to back up this theory.
No, $ 500 processors are not that much more expensive to make than $ 50 processors. However, that doesn't mean that using a powerful processor isn't beneficial.  The main benefit of using powerful processors is the increased performance of applications. For example, instead of running an Excel spreadsheet that takes a few minutes to complete, a powerful processor can finish the calculation quickly.  Additionally, powerful processors allow the operating system to do more efficiently. For example, a command prompt in Windows does not use all available screen space. Rather, you have to click the'request maximize' button to use all of the available screen space. This limits the usefulness of this functionality. However, a powerful processor can take advantage of this functionality, allowing for more efficient use of the screen space.  Finally, powerful processors can handle more efficiently. For example, a powerful processor can calculate double the amount of entries in a spreadsheet in half the time. Using a less powerful processor would take longer to complete the task and result in a slower calculation.
Yes. It can be fatal. Bulletproof vest? No.
Humans used their brain to not die of exposure, it is biologically more efficient to consume heat to generate energy rather than removing heat from the body. This is why humans prefer the cooler seasons to survive. Humans also evolved opposable thumb allowing them to manipulate objects using their hands without the need to cover vital parts of their body with clothing.
Because if you watch the movie Alien, the Thing that is scary about Power Loaders is they are not really strong against attacks from the Aliens ( whether organic or inorganic ). Additionally, if the Alien had deployed Power Loaders we probably wouldn't be having this discussion because the human race wouldn't be here to ask questions.
It's because the current government is using the word terrorist to describe their opponents.  This is purely speculation on my part but my thought is that if the government could re-define the word terrorist to mean the opposition party, then they would do so.
Humans are more successful than any other animal on earth because we are smart. This was necessary for us to have evolved into what we are today. It would not be possible for us to be more successful than any other animal on earth without being smart. We could be more successful than humans if we had a shorter life span or if we had smaller brains or if our propensity to procreate were other ways other than through breeding.
1. Most artists think that just because they can record an acoustic version of a song, the public will just assume they can actually sing and deliver a live performance. While it is true that most people can perform an acoustic version of a song pretty well, the audience is typically not there to hear the real you, they just want to hear what you can do in an acoustic setting, and that is not good enough. There are lots of great singers out there who could never perform onstage. 2. Most artists are focused on how their live version is perceived by the record labels or managers, and rather than focusing on the quality of the talent, they tend to just try to keep the live version longer, which is in-vogue. They are more concerned about how this video is going to represent them to the record labels. So instead of spending the time and effort to learn a difficult track and nail the performance, they just re-do the cover.   Even if the live version is better, there are too many variables that can go wrong, and the artist does not want to take the chance of ruining their chance to record the song. As they say " You have to spend money to make money", so they choose to record the song again or
Somehow Fifty Shades of Grey became a sensation among the tabloid press for a lot of reasons.  It was marketed and promoted by Hollywood celebrities that use their social media presence to generate publicity.  The book contained a 50-Shades-of-Grey who, to the tabloids, represented all that was wrong with modern society.  Their interpretation of the story seemed to fuel the tabloid obsession.
Diabetics used to have to draw a capillary sample from their fingertip and check it with a meter. In fact, this is still the preferred method for many doctors, who use a Coulter Type Diabeticker.  A new meter "liked " by many diabetics arrived on the scene in the mid 1970's - the Bayer Gambus. This device, measuring only a few tenths of a microliter, had " gold particles " in its reagent, and was marketed as being an improvement on the Coulter Diabeticker, which required about 10 microliters of blood.
The government invests in space exploration because it benefits the economy. When private companies and individuals use resources like money and labor to explore space they will invest in infrastructure, businesses, and jobs here on earth. For example, an asteroid may provide enough minerals and metals to help spur technological innovation here on earth that would benefit the entire economy.
Because of the manner in which the electoral college operates, it is possible for a "swing state" to occur.  Each state is allocated a number of electoral votes proportional to the number of members of the electoral college that state has.  If one state's population increases by 10%, while every other state in the union loses the same amount of population, then the candidate with the additional votes from the swing state will ultimately win.  Swing states typically are due to the conversion of moderate to conservative voters from other states in the union, or the additional votes garnered from a celebrity, trial lawyer, or other individual.  Typically these swing states in the electoral college will not be exactly equal, but will be within a small margin.
Because we wrote'return' in lower case. (aka'return' is the same as'return' in lower case )
Water from an electric well is usually stored in large holding tanks on the property. When power is lost, the water in the tanks freezes. Freezing water from an electric well causes two types of damage. First, the liquid in the tanks freezes, forming a block of ice several inches thick. Pressure tanks can be damaged if the pressure from the freezing ice cracks the tank, allowing the pressure to escape. Second, the electricity that powers the water well to the property can drop out of the electrical grid. Without electricity, the well pump can no longer move water. Without water, people and animals on the property will likely suffer.
The workers at Walmart do not like that the company is selling its farms to Melaleuca for virtual slave labor. The new management are horrible. They give very low pay with no benefits. So the workers want more money and better working conditions.
Typically your pockets of air would go into your mouth if you were to exhale. Pockets of air are present in most objects that have been in existence for a period of time. The air in your knuckles escapes when you break your knuckle and these pockets of air are what escape into the air during your pocket.
A nuclear reactor works by converting the radio active energy of fissile atoms (U-235, U-238) or an isotope of uranium (uranium-237, commonly known as "Tantalum") to produce energy in the form ofuseable electricity.Radioactive energy is converted into heat energy in a nucleus of the atom. The heat is transferred to a material that contains a temperature sensitive element (typically fissionable material), causing the fission. The energy is released as particles, including massless particles known as neutrons. Particle fission causes nuclear fusion to release additional energy, creating a chain reaction. Nuclear reactors are self-sustaining and continue to fission atoms of fissile material, even when the input of energy is stopped or reduced.  There are two primary mechanisms used to start up a nuclear reactor: fast fission and slow neutron induced fission. Both start with the capture of a neutron by an atom. If the neutron collides with a relatively large atomic nucleus, it can cause that nucleus to break apart into smaller pieces. These pieces then contain less mass, and can further capture additional neutrons, until a significant amount of fission has occurred and an additional atom has been changed into another form.  Fast fission occurs when enough fiss
Time originated by the Greeks, as a measurement of the passage of the night and the day. It is used in everyday life today.
reddit gift exchange is a decentralized, crowd-sourced, online shopping marketplace where members can exchange and discover new and exciting products. Members can browse and filter for products based on keywords, prices, and reviews. The process of buying and selling, or swapping, products on reddit gift exchange is known as reddit gold.
This is purely down to logistics and paper manufacturing technologies at the time. Bibles were written on scrolls of scrolls of paper and it was necessary to make these as thin as possible to avoid the Bible scrum within desert raiders attacking the Europeans for not being able to face the now mythical Trojan horse. Dictionaries on the other hand were written on to existing books with their content being transferred. This created books that were incredibly thick due to the books content and had to be carried by slaves and soldiers which again limited the ability of the army to have a weapon due to the weight. So due to the functional requirements of the time, old book formats had to evolve into new formats.
While a unit of account should be a unit that is easily understood by all in the society ( like a gallon of gasoline or US dollars ), the new currencies introduced in modern times have come with a huge increase in the amount of zeros appended to the units they represent. This makes the units very difficult for people to comprehend and significantly hampers their adoption.
Because the Japanese( or more specifically the Meiji-Restorationist leaders) was very against foot-slogging and just let the imperial palace grow as big as possible. They had these big cathedrals where Japan's Emperor should reside and waste little space in comfort. Because of World War 2, they had to open the country to more democratic voices and therefore developed smaller cities which is where you currently find such denseness.
Young adults joining the Islamic State (ISIS, ISIL, or Daesh) to fight is a subject of ongoing debate. The Western narrative of these young people being brainwashed by propaganda, or actually seeking to join up for the thrill of war, is largely incorrect. Most experts agree the groups true motivation is economic stagnation.  Many young adults have not found success in mainstream employment, leading them to seek either easier ways to make money through extreme means, or the promise of a higher standard of living that extreme means can deliver.
Men and women have separate restrooms because men and women are different and have different bodily functions.
Thanks for your question.  The oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico is burning and will continue to burn for a number of reasons:1. Natural processes 2. Humans are looking to push cleanup too quickly and not "nimbly enough" (referring to EPA chief Lisa Jackson's comment after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon blowout) 3. Oil companies attempting to cover up their role in the disaster.  The slick itself does not spread the toxic pollutants in the water, merely acts as amarker that they are there.  Cleaning up the oil spill from this particular slick will require multiple steps that will likely include: 1. Burning off the oil using heat from the sun 2. Testing and treating the waters to kill any remaining pollutants. 3. Vaccinating people against oil so they don't get sick.
I don't know why the Europeans died off from native diseases, or even if they died off. It sounds like you may have been listening to talking points instead of reading a book. The book "1491" is a popular source.
Imgur is incredibly fast.  I am using an outdated smartphone that is extremely limited in both processor and ram resources.  Large files that are generally gif based will literally take minutes to load on this phone.  Smaller gifs load very quickly.
Because prison is not fun, like I'm five.
I don't know the answer to your question.  I'm sure there's an answer out there somewhere for someone.  But why call it a top game or game of the year when there are many great games out there?  Maybe the publishers just like being able to use the words top game or game of the year in their advertising.
Actually the constitution actually guarantees the right to vote, but different states have various restrictions on who is eligible to vote and under what circumstances.   Firstly, it should be noted that a person in jail is serving time, not convicted of a crime. In many jurisdictions, therefore, they are not eligible to vote. This is true even if the person is still free to vote at their polling station, or even if they are still serving a sentence but have not yet begun to serve it.  This answer is not definitive, however, and will vary by jurisdiction. Please consult your legal advisors before taking any actions based on this answer, as your jurisdiction may have adopted a contrary position.
Well, for short words, the dash generally indicates a word boundary. For example, morse code for the word "is" is—  is—  However, for long words, the dot typically indicates a word boundary, though there are a few cases where it does not. For example, morse code for the word "pet" is—  pet—  A hyphen is generally treated as a word break in morse code, unless it's the first or last character of the word.
The Sherman Tank was an American tank produced during World War II. It was an inferior tank, even by Nazi standards. Hitler chose the Sherman Tank to be his "kampfstechnische Variante" (fwkeyword: Kampffürtodtmeute) or "fighting variant", which was actually inferior to the German Tiger Tank. Even American troops, who relied onShermans heavily during the invasion of Normandy, considered them inadequate.
Due to the influx of people from all over Europe at that time, many of whom had travelled to England, they had influenced the way in which Brits pronounced many words. In general, Brits would pronounce words as they did in England. So if people from the 1300's spoke with a British accent, the 1700's Brits pronounced words the way they did in England. However, the language spoken in England also influenced this process. So in the 1600's when people settled in North America, they pronounced many words in their native language. However, because so many Brits had travelled to the Americas and had been influenced by the local languages, they began to pronounce words with an American accent. This leads to today when people in North America speak with an American accent.
Objects that are reflective of light follow the principle of scission on how electromagnetic radiation is converted into light and matter. Reflective materials break up the light into its components waves of light and only the desired wave is reflected. In this case we are looking at white light which consists of all colors in combination, except blue and yellow which don't go together to make green.
Generally speaking, Satan means Opponent.  Names of Satan however tend to have more to do with what type of worship/religion a Satanist follows.   So some may choose to use their names differently based on that.   Baphomet is for example a very common Christian version of Satan.   An example of other names used for Satan would be Beelzebub, Belphagor etc. as those are other religions that Satan is considered a part of.
Water conducts electricity because of the tiny amount of dissolved ions present in it. These ions cause the water to be more conductive than ice.
The cycle is as follows;  Headache. If you have one, you can google it.  If you don't have one, ask your dear flat-mate.  They are not real.  Put it down to having a cold.  Eat more chocolate.  Wake your parents.  They will not believe you.   Headache comes from being overheated.   Paracetamol / Acetaminophen decreases the level of certain substances in the body which makes you feel better.   Wake your parents.   They believe you now.
Because they are real.
I am glad that you asked, alcohol is a very social creature. It likes to be around people and if you give it something to bond with people. Alcohol usually helps to bond with people.
Cubans living in America do not want relations with Cuba to be normalized because they want to maintain the embargo. They believe that the embargo is preventing the Cuban government from developing its economy and improving the lives of its people. They also oppose any kind of negotiations with the Cuban government because they do not believe that Cuba is ready to change its behavior.
The reason plastic school chairs have holes in the back of them is because the company that created them didnt know any better. Thats why you see holes in the back of them.
Yes, we can make giant robots with the current technology. However, the size of the robots will be limited, and we may not see many of them in real life. That is because even with today's technology, our current battery life is not large enough to run the robots for extended periods of time.
Cats naturally have nine toes on their front paws compared to the four of humans which is why cats can jump higher and faster than humans. Their paws also have three hooks instead of the two of humans. All these adaptations provide cats with the speed, agility and strength to hunt and catch prey. In addition cats do not have fur as defense they have guardian angel type fur instead which can scare predators away. The fur traps in heat, darts that attack and other vicious qualities. Cats are so skittish because they have been starved of a natural predator which is why they can display dominant traits.
Running to your destination is considered weird or funny because it is a fast way to get somewhere.  When you are running, you are moving at a fast pace and your foot lands on the ground at different times which may cause you to bounce up and down.  This bouncing up and down causes air to flow through your body which can make your breathing more challenging and also make it difficult to breathe when air is not flowing through your lungs.  This lack of air can lead to a variety of funny scenarios like bouncing off the walls, speaking in tongues, and sometimes they die out in front of their destination.
Some, like Walmart, stay in business by selling goods cheaper then competitor.   Most though, rely on monthly sleep sales where they sell off last years inventory for cheap. This has the added benefit of allowing the customer to try out several mattress at discount prices.   The retailers goal is to make enough money to cover the cost of the inventory, employees benefits ( health insurance, 401k,  and weekly staff lunches at the local diner ) and a small profit. The cost of the inventory, benefits and profit are difficult to cover unless the mattress sale is frequent enough to make up for the lost income.  Sometimes they'll rent the space to other retailers like large store-front moving companies or moving small items around your house. The customer never knows, but the store is there, so you might as well use them.
In some species, males will mate with multiple females. Since only one of each female's eggs will be produced, only one of the male's genes will be passed on to the next generation. Since the male only mates with one female during his lifetime, the genes that allow him to do so are more likely to be preserved in future generations. Thus, males are selective about the females they will mate with, leading to inbreeding depression and the eventual demise of the species.
Paper toilet seat covers ( aka ass gaskets ) are not really more sanitary than naked seats.  They are simply a source of additional paper waste, take up more space in landfills, and require more energy to produce.
Medical care and prescription drugs is extremely expensive in the US because of a combination of both supply and demand issues. Demand is driven largely by the exploding elderly population, as more people live longer than ever before. It is important to keep in mind that even though the price is high, it is still quite inexpensive compared to other countries. The most important factor, however, is that the supply of medical care practitioners is very small, resulting in an ever-tightening supply and therefore, high prices. Ultimately, although it may be challenging to understand how to budget for health care expenses, it is a personal choice that will help shape your financial goals and health as a whole.
I'm not sure, I think it might have something to do with the fact that the bathroom is in their kitchen, and cats are rather hungry.
Radiation is not harmful. We use it as an alternative to traditional cures. It works by attempting to kill a cell with less of a dose of radiation. In the case of cancer, normal cells compete with the cancerous cells for resources. Radiation affects the cancer cells only, but does not harm the normal cells.
In the 1600's, people thought that old English speakers, as in this picture, talked the same as today's English speakers.  People at the time were relying on wordlists that were based on the languages of previous centuries, and people thought that old English and present English were the same language.  While there are a few differences between old English and current English, most people who speak old English say it sounds much more like current English than it does like today's languages such as Spanish or French.
We dont know for sure but we do know that drugs have played a role in the USA dramatic increase in prisoners. The USA had the one of the lowest per capita prison population at the end of the 20th century. However in the early 21st century the USA has seen its per capita prison population increase dramatically. We also know that the USA is the biggest drug producer in the world and it is the largest consumer of prisoners too.
The main factor that influences if and how aggressively a cancer is treated is how it has spread. We have a pretty good idea of how a cancer starts and that provides insight into where to start treating the disease. But the spread of the cancer varies a lot from person to person. It can start in the stomach or lungs and travel to other areas of the body. If we could target the source of the cancer and the way it has spread, we could treat a lot of cancers with the exact same approach.
Sigh, it all started with the discovery of cuneiform writing around 1750 BCE in Mesopotamia. The cuneiform writing system made use of wedge-shaped signs to represent sounds and words. One of the most important cuneiform signs was URRU, which formed the first phonetic character in an absolute language language.  Through the ages the 'purity' of the cuneiform script suffered from the proliferation of improper morphemes which often resulted in grammatical irregularity. In time, this damaged the reputation of the signs and this in turn led to the invention of spoken languages and the advent of spoken grammar and lexicon.
Entropy is an uncontrollable and random phenomenon that changes with time.  In English, we often use the term 'random' in a loose and non-specific manner and may translate it into other languages with similar or equivalent meaning. In physics, however, the term 'random' carries a specific meaning and is associated with lack of order.  Lack of order means that two seemingly identical objects will have different physical properties.  An example is the rolling of a cup of snow versus a snowflake.  The cup has more order and is more predictable than a snowflake because it has consistent sides and dimensions.  If you were to remove the cup from the environment where it was created, it would be impossible to predict its fate as it freezes and cracks due to the lack of order.
A decaying atom emits alpha, beta, and gamma radiation based on the number of neutrons in the atomic nucleus. Only heavy atoms with more than 2 neutrons in the atomic nucleus decay into their element via alpha and beta emitters. The isotopes of these elements that have an unstable proton (protons with fewer than 2 neutrons) will also decay to a different element via beta emitters. This is called radiogenic decay. This can occur by a process called spontaneous fission. Spontaneous fission occurs when an atomic nucleus undergoes a collision with an excited nucleus (usually from neutron absorption).
It is hard to say who was responsible for who.  There are people who claim credit for discovering HIV/AIDS, and there are people who claim credit for causing it to be discovered.  Perhaps, we will never know.  However, what we do know is that HIV/AIDS was first identified in 1981 in blood samples taken from US blood donors who identified themselves as male.  Those people who could prove they were female were not infected with HIV.  Thus HIV was associated with the gay community at first.  However, in that same year, a US Navy sailor contracted HIV.  The sailor then contracted HIV from someone who was not gay.  From that point forward, anyone who contracted HIV, regardless of sexual orientation, was generally assumed to have contracted the virus through sex with someone who was HIV positive.  Thus HIV was quickly associated with the sex act known as oral, and later vaginal, homosexual sex.
It’s hard to know for sure because reddit doesn’t disclose information about customer performance like it does about product performance. What I do know for sure is that they must have a plan to handle increased user volume and are well resourced to execute on that plan. It's possible that they will be able to maintain service levels if they are unable to scale up to higher levels of user volume, however a more likely outcome is a temporary service disruption. A related question is will reddit choose to charge for reddit gold and if so at what price and how will I afford it. These are good questions to ask but I cannot answer them as I do not own gold and cannot afford to buy gold at the present time.
Sunlight is absorbed through the skin, which is then converted to vitamin D through a series of chemical reactions. That vitamin D travels to your blood, and travels to your cells, where it's converted back into vitamin D and then into protein through a series of chemical reactions.
While asleep, you cannot move your body because you are paralyzed. As a result, your body is held in place by muscles that are frozen in place. Thus, you can begin dreaming while asleep because your body is not performing the actions necessary to keep you in place, as in paralysis.
Shazam is a magic word.  If you say the magic word, Shazam!  You're instantly saved from all the problems in the world!  The word came from a movie called "Shazam" where a kid says the magic word and his and his friends magic powers suddenly become active!  A similarly close friend of mine claimed to have powers that were discovered when he said the magic word at the wrong moment!  Magic word = Shazam!
It is very likely that allergies evolved to help protect human survival.  Allergies produce antibodies that attack harmful substances.  The antibodies specifically bind to the harmful substances on the surface of dust mites or dander from insects such as ants, grass, etc.  This ultimately limits the lifespan of the harmful substances and forces the body to generate new antibodies to remove the harmful substances.
Energy drink companies would typically use both caffeine and other ingredients to provide a stimulating effect to the body. Ephedrine and Modafinil have been used to create an "energy boost" because humans naturally produce ephedrine when they experience stress and/or exercise. Ephedrine has also been used for its vasoconstrictive effects.
Only slightly. The number of animals affected depends on what types of animals are commonly found near the locations that would be contaminated after a nuclear disaster. The most common animals in the world are: Dogs, Cats, and Birds. The most common cause of contamination is radiation due to a nuclear disaster. Due to the low amount of radiation, it would not significantly affect their biological make up. However, for humans that live nearby, there is a possibility that their reproductive health could be affected as they rely on animals to bring them children to replace the number that are killed by radiation.
Some people say this is because the acids in the vitamin reach their effective levels faster if you have a meal with the vitamins. So taking a single with or without food might cause an empty stomach effect. Additionally, some of these vitamins contain silica, which might cause reaction in some people. Also, vitamins that contain gluten could cause reactions in some people.
When you're born, your mother's uterus contract to provide oxygen and nutrients to your fetus. Some people are blessed with a perfect genetic makeup to sing and they can effortlessly sing while some can't. It is mostly down to what kind of luck your ancestors had in conceiving the perfect genes to have. As for being born with the genetic makeup, sometimes things just happen.
If a biological female goes through a course of hormone therapy to become male, this could result in her developing male physical characteristics and reproductive organs. Some rare individuals may be completely convinced by this process. However, the development of male physical characteristics requires important biological and physical changes that have not taken place in a transgender woman. She is still a pregnant biological woman with a unique biological system. She will face similar complications as other pregnant women. She will need to take the same medicine to prevent preterm birth, while also monitoring and treating pre-eclampsia and other pregnancy-related complications. Some studies have found higher risk of congenital heart defects in males than in females. However, the research is not sufficient and more studies are needed.
Preorders are not well received by many gamers and game studios. They feel gamers are being over-prescriptive by committing to a preorder, and fail to appreciate the preorder experience.
Mars One is a space race reality TV show where teams of intrepid space travelers will leave for Mars in the coming years and return to Earth with a single (group) landing on Mars.
In western societies, people have special rights not allowed for satire against other people. Firstly, it would be against the first amendment of the USA which protects free speech against persecution by the government. In addition, it would be considered in poor taste which is a social norm. For example, jokes about race or gender will never be accepted because those are considered in poor taste.
When the cold weather settles in, most insects hibernate. During this time they reduce their activity and energy levels so that they are not as stressed by the cold, and don't need to expend as much energy on finding sufficient food and drink when the weather improves.
First of all, Japan had a historical period of ~500 years where it was influenced by China and Korea. Also, Japanese people used to live overseas (Chinese and Korean ex- colonies) which introduced other cultures and lifestyles. These factors contributed to Japanese obsession with Japan's war banners and spirit dogs. Spending a lot of time in Shinto shrines or going to 'kai ( Shinto shrines with drinking water of mountain streams ) would make your ancestors proud so you would like to do your best to kill/martial your best. This fueled a Japanese obsession with history, especially the warrior culture, which makes them more aggressive, competitive and brazen. This results in kawaii ( Japanese for 'cute' or 'cuddly') / berserkendo ( Japanese for 'berserk reaction') and strange types of porn ( like old man / horse anime / doujin ). Japanese pubic hair is generally very thick and full ( eg for males, most likely due to living in humid environment where body generated more testosterone). It's considered a sign of virility.
Subs like philosophy and nosleep have a certain number of upvotes guaranteed to them. These subs are often relatively new with few followers, so they are given some resources ( time to build rep from trusted sources ) and a permanent spot in the top 100.
1 dimension meaning 1 is the underlying premise to all things. It starts with the question of how many points are on a line. Since there are an infinite points on a line, the line has 1 dimension. Whereas a point has no dimension because it is essentially only a point and has no underlying premise like points.
Well first, Michelin stars are thought to be something that best restaurant restaurants, so by the mere mention of Michelin stars at a restaurant, the client or customer subconsciously forms an opinion on the restaurant. And since tire companies control the largest marketshare of the Michelin star system, the Michelin star is also thought of as a form of endorsements. Michelin starred restaurants serve more expensive menu items, often higher end cuts of meat, better ingredients, and a more formal dining experience. The Michelin star is also thought of as a way for restaurant operators to separate themselves from the competition, by giving their customers reason to select them over their local Chinese, steak house, burger joint.
It is really good to be human. We have the ability to understand and follow rules that other animals do not have. We also have the ability to think about the long term consequences of our actions.  When we were hunter-gatherers we had to be very careful to only hunt and gather things that did not carry any diseases or that would at least prevent us from being in danger of starvation. One way to get some of these benefits is to not eat the meat or to prepare it very carefully.  When we ate raw meat we suffered from parasites, bacteria or parasites that cause disease. We also did not have the enzymes to digest this well which led to abdominal pains, vomiting and even death.  This is why we learned to cook our food and why we started to eat cooked food as an adult. Because we were more efficient in digesting it. And that is why it seems that we lost these benefits. It is more efficient to eat raw meat than to cook it.
It would be really super super super super super super leak proof to be able to transport oil with zero spillage. Unfortunately the current state of transport means oil spills are still happening all the time. How much oil does it take to fill all the Gulf of Mexico? It is a good question and one that is hard to answer. People have been making calculations since the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in the year 2010 and these calculations are still being made today. One way to look at it is the energy required to transport oil means it is probably more or less equal to the energy required to actually refine the oil so that is not helping here. As an oil spiller I say watch this space and keep spreading the love.
If you shoot an unarmed person, you will go to jail. That's a law. However, if you are in your defensive, and the person who is about to kill you was about to shoot you, you can be legally standing there with your gun unloaded. That's because the law states that it is legal to shoot someone if you're in your defensive and you perceive that their life is in peril. The person who shot you is claiming to be in their defensive, so you cannot claim that they were in imminent danger of being shot. You had one chance to take them out before they pulled the trigger. So, if you are in a position to be able to take them out with a shot - don't shoot.
Republicans generally prefer free-market economics whereas Democrats prefer a more centralized economic planning.  This is due to the liberal democrat party having control of the White House, the Senate, and the House of Representatives at different times.  This allows them to exert more control over the economy through the power of regulation and taxation.  In contrast, Republicans are more inclined to support free-market and smaller government approach.  They often cite the failures of the New Deal and Great Society, two important regulatory and financial programs of the previous era, as causes for high poverty, inequality, and violence.
forest gump is a children's movie about a little piece of stock that is ignored by history and is carried along with people who interact with him. it ends up having a huge impact on history. forest gump's real name is ( mark) brentaraven. when his life goes south, he is adopted by the savings bank of la vista branch.  he grows up to be a man of means and prominence. he marries the love of his life, sherri, and they have three fine children. despite being a success story, his life takes a turn for the worse when he is diagnosed with leukemia. despite aggressive treatment, he passes away.  in his will, he leaves all his money to the library for the children, and in particular, the "forest gump" youth organization. he makes it very clear that his life would not have been worthwhile had it not been for the library. he tells his kids that if he had to do it all over again, he would do exactly what he is doing now.  this saddens sherri and forest gump's kids understand that he meant that his life would have been better spent helping others.
