Publishers like to celebrate the bestsellers because the hype is what drives sales of a book.
We do use other options, but not great and not everywhere, that's why we have to use salt.
There are two main reasons. First, not all SD TVs have the ability to display HD. A few manufacturers still use plasma screens where the plasma display cells generate pixels based on the standards of the time, so they can't yet display true HD. Second, even if a TV has the ability to display HD, it can be expensive to do so, so many people still have access to the SD versions of these channels.
Kim Jong - un is quite possibly the most powerful person on the planet. Not only does he control North Korea, but he also has nuclear weapons and has successfully attacked South Korea and Japan with that arsenal. While there are numerous assassination attempts against world leaders, his has or had several million people working to defend against. This may be because he is paranoid and seems to always be looking over his shoulder for possible assassination. It may also be because no one has found a way to actually kill him.
Large ground staffs were able to deploy aviation during world war 1, using wooded areas and with the horse as a means to deliver men and equipment into combat zones.  During the first world war we see the development of aircraft technology, but this is also the time frame during which rail transport was starting to take hold, aiding with the movement of aircraft and related equipment.  Rail transport was able to spread the use of airplanes, as opposed to the common use of horses which was a labor intensive process.
Humans have different colored eyes because they evolved to see in different conditions. Since the process of evolution happens over generations, the eyes of people of the past were different from those of people today. This is why we see differences in eye color across different cultures. One interesting observation is that people with blue eyes are 3 times more likely to be autistic than those with brown or green eyes. This could be because of the difference in the amount of oxyHb, the form of hemoglobin that is able to bind to CO2. This could be the reason why blue-eyed people are more hyperkinetic and have impaired social interaction. The color of your eyes is purely a matter of superstition. Modern science does not have an answer to the color of your eyes. There is no scientific evidence to date supporting the notion that the color of your eyes has any positive or negative correlation with your personality or health. It would be incorrect to assume that the color of your eyes has any influence on how you feel about yourself. You are not your eyes, you are a complex person who experiences the world in many different ways, and your feelings and reactions to the world are just as valid as anyone else's.
While the United States Constitution protects freedom of religion, it does not guarantee the right to practice religion in a way that conflicts with public safety, public health, or the law. Further, schools are government buildings and property over which the state exerts regulatory authority. School authorities may, for instance, prohibit disruptive conduct on school property.
Instead of fixating on material consumption, I think the key change is to the scale of consumption. Our current economy is not based on households and individuals producing for their own consumption but on individual producers producing for a mass market. Given that there is such a large market for an item, there are obviously going to be far more imperfect copies of the item than there would be if the market were more limited.
magic the gathering is an tabletop wargaming game that mixes collectible card games with tabletop miniature games. it has a huge fan base and has been around for decades and decades. it has a community of die hard players that are avid about the story and backstory behind it. it is a hobby for older adults that is safe for everyone. it is not a realistic sport like american football or hockey, or even a competitive sport. in fact, there is nothing like competitive aspect to the game. it is a cooperative social game where players create scenarios and cast spells, summon creatures, and do battle against other players. there are different editions with different mechanics for different levels of players, all the way from beginners to insane genius level players.
Prions are a type of protein. They are viruses that deform protein structure. They may refer to the protein misfolders that can cause the infection of small numbers of infected cells into large numbers of healthy cells. This can cause the cells to undergo a form of cell death called spongiform encephalopathy. This spongiform encephalopathy can give the affected brain cells a neuro degenerative condition called prion disease. There is currently no known treatment to stop prion disease. However, vaccines are available to prevent infection from occurring.
Hackers crack the code to improve the world we live in. Let me explain how that works.  Every now and then, a bug in a widely used software comes to light and people try to exploit it. Hackers use software to find these bugs, and use them to gain unauthorized access to computers or networks.  A common reason why a software needs to be updated is that the bug was discovered. So, anyone who wants to exploit this bug must also be able to find the bug, and find the bug in a piece of software that is still widely used and gets security patches.  A highly skilled hacker, by tapping into the software bug and repeatedly testing their idea with the bug, is able to zero in on a small and specific change, which is made to the software in order to correct the bug, but breaks it in such a way that it is now exploited by the hackers.  They use their knowledge of the software internals and the hardware on which it runs, to find these bugs in software and carry out their exploits.  Hacker are out there making the world a better place for the rest of us.
Depression is a mood disorder characterized by a pervasive negative sense of worth, Self Esteem and lack of interest,caused by a disturbance in the neurotransmitter serotonin.This can be psychological or the serotonin receptors might also be physical. Serotonin is a chemical in the brain that controls mood, wakefulness, hunger, aggression, orgasm, libido etc
Because they are poor you nitwits!
A " Tor exit node " or " Tor node " is a computer system that assists the " Tor " network by helping to route Internet traffic and connecting people who want to communicate privately.
DRM ( Digital Rights Management ) is a security system that prevents unauthorized copies of media files from being created. It is designed to ensure that only authorized users can access and play media content on a particular device. It is also used to protect copyrighted works sold on digital networks or in digital forms. The DRM system encrypts the media content and prevents unauthorized parties from playing it on any device that is not allowed or "trusted".  Controversy around DRM begins before the content is ever downloaded. The selling point of the content is often advertising on the packaging or in the app, that " only authorized purchasers can use the content",. So, how does a "not authorized" party access the content? By breaking DRM. There are some cases where DRM inhibits hackers from easily copying media content. e.g. DRM Media Codecs. However, allowing low-quality ripping of content (such as MP3 and even AAC) is generally easier and less expensive. Some DRM technologies also require customers to download large firmware updates on their devices before they can use the content. Even with these updations, the requirement to download these from an unknown source can lead to consumer security concerns.  Another method to tackle the problem of unauthorized copying is the Content
Federal law requires all U.S. citizens and Permanent Residents to have a bank account to receive income from government or an employer.  Individuals who do not have a bank account, must use a bank to receive their income.  People with off the books cash do not have bank account.
Bark is used as a warning or a signal. A long bark is a warning of trouble. A short bark is a signal to sit. Dogs have the ability to predict humans needs. When a human is going to be late the dog barks to tell the human to wait. When a human is coming early the dog barks to let the human know that he's ready to be served. Barking at something, but not for the intended reason, is calledRedirecting. A dog barks at something, but does not point to the object, nor does it bark with any excitement or aggression. The dog just barks. Redirecting is why when you are biking and a car cuts you off you don't angrily swerve to miss the car, instead you look in the car's direction and then listen to the car's brakes. When a dog barks at something, it doesn't mean that the dog is excited about it.
The United States national debt will most likely not harm the economy if the following three things happen:  1) Interest rates increase, this will reduce the growth of the national debt.  2) The United States defaults on its debt, which would cause a drastic decrease in GDP. 3) The United States does not increase its revenues, which would reduce its spending on social programs, which could cause an economic depression.
Because as far as I can tell, that's not the role of the government to do!  That role belongs to the church and the family.  Given the number of families who are tearing themselves apart because of homosexuality, I'm not convinced the government needs to get involved. The government creates rules, if a church and the family agree to them, then they should be adhered to. I believe that the role of government is to protect its citizens, and protect it's people from other people. I do not believe the government should be interfering with how people choose to raise their children.
One of the primary sensory sensations in our dreams is the sensation of free-fall, even though you are "bound to the ground" physically you feel like you are falling.  This could be due to how sensory images are projected onto the retina in the eye, also since dreams are typically very "loose" with narrative structures they could also be simulating the type of free-fall sensation through narrative logic.   Although, what causes the sensation of free-fall in our dreams is a valid question I personally don't have an answer, if you do feel like you are falling feel free to share your comment.
Real knives don't have a visible "down" side. There's something called a "stay" bar at the butt end of the knife, and if you're in an edge-on position to the blade, like in a movie assassin's grip, the blade is actually pointing "up".
The price for beer goes up due to the business that is buying the beer to package and distribute it, that cost also gets passed on to the consumer. The glass does not come with wine but the price of the wine glass is fixed. There is a markup on the glass and the profit margin on wine is very thin so cost of wine glass is less than a dollar.
Most of the time, names of products / brands remain the same due to marketing reasons. But for example, in USA, Crest is the brand of a products to make people's teeth stronger. However, in Europe, Crest is a brand of a personal care product.
Forensic psychologists use a variety of sources, including psychology textbooks, court records, and case files to develop the personality type or types of the criminal.  A personality type is a category of human being in terms of their modes or ways of operating.  Forensic psychologists study the way people respond to stress, change, and growth.  The modes or ways of operating in terms of personality types are organized in 5 main sections, the domains, including organization, self, goals, others, and survival.  This is how they develop the profiles of specific criminals.  For example, the car the criminal drives is analyzed by looking at the way the domains of organization, goals, and survival respond to the domain, self.  They look at things like whether the criminal typically uses a stolen car, the make and model, the location of the insurance and registration numbers, and the tires, where the spare tire is located.  They look at the color of the car as well as whether it's a vintage car.  This is a very effective way to be able to match criminal behavior with specific types of individuals.
AMD has been in business because their motherboard products are still good and perform well. Despite the losses, they remain in business because their core market is still being used for CPU performance needs, where they still maintain a large lead.
Harry Potter made great storytelling the core of its plot, and pulled it off for many reasons. First of all, it was written by J.K Rowling, the extremely popular author of the CODA series of murder mysteries. She comes from a background where family is valued, and the themes of courage, loyalty, love and honor were reflected in the characters and their stories. The actors who played the lead characters, Albus Dumbeldore, Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley and Hermione endlessly improved with every passing season of the TV show, and the stories got richer and richer with each passing episode. The books themselves built up an amazing plot of epic proportions, and are highly imaginative and, frankly, mouth-watering. Rowling expertly drew you into the world she created, and kept you there until the very end, despite the inherent tragedy of it all. That said, I didn't mind one bit that Harry Potter ended after seven books, although I would have loved it to go on for at least another two. Ultimately though, Harry Potter would not have achieved the level of success it did had it not won the minds of millions of young readers all over the world with its unique and visionary story.
As a highly competitive industry where wages are historically low, most employees believe they are underpaid.  As a result, employees are more likely to unionize and seek increased compensation through higher wages.  Firms that do not allow unionization typically experience lower employee turnover and are more profitable.  On the other hand, opposing unions are usually opposed by conservatives who argue that unions are a corrupting influence on free market capitalism.  They also tend to be associated with high employee turnover and low profitability.
It's a combination of technology and funding. There is not enough funding for a mission to put a high resolution color camera on a probe that can go into space.  We are working on that. But the technology we have today is not capable of doing that.
The glands in the breast that produce milk are lobules in the tissue that line the inside of the milk ducts. These lobules have large numbers of lymph vessels that transport fluid from surrounding tissues, and so they are very well supplied with blood and have lots of opportunities to get rid of the chemicals and particules that accumulate over time. As a result, even if there is a latent defect in those lobules, such as a mutation in a gene that controls the secretion of milk protein, the gland still has a good chance of producing and sustaining production of milk for the lifetime of the host.
In the protocol, there is a parameter called L, that is the length of the sub-key ( cryptogram ). Since the protocol is designed for processing 128-bit keys, each individual " byte " of a key is represented as a number between 0 and 255. So a 128-bit key is really just a number in the range of 0x00000000 to 0xFFFFFFFF, each digit denoting a certain byte.  An attacker who manages to infiltrate a TOR site or a node can try guessing all possible values of the number. If the victim uses the same number ( with the same byte value ) on a TOR site where L is not specified, the server will respond with " target not found ".
That is an excellent question. Foxtel is not free and does require payment, however advertisements do not appear on Foxtel. This is because Foxtel does not have sufficient technology to show advertisements on its platform. Youtube, on the other hand, has sufficient technology to show advertisements (essentially) therefore you pay and get ads.
Pirates tracked down ships using 'career of the pirate'. You gain prestige by attacking bigger / more expensive ships.
When light hits the chemical dyes present in the paint they absorb the photons of the light and transfer the energy to the molecule to break down, this is the source of the color. When we mix lights the photon molecules of the lights interact with each other, some reaching a higher energy level, this is the source of the color.
Monsanto is an evil corporation because they produce GMO seeds that were responsible for severe crop failures in Guatemala, especially of the maize crop. They are also suspected of having caused the illnesses that contaminated British river water. In addition, they are notorious for fighting bans on Bt toxin in agriculture as this helped them to develop crops resistant to a natural insect control. Sadly, they now control much of the genetically modified seed market and their lobbying power is considerable.
There are a couple of reasons.  First is that water vapor has a selective Absorption coefficent at certain wavelengths. In other words, some of the frequencies of the light directed towards these clouds are absorbed by water vapor in the cloud. The reemit light at longer wavelengths. In normal white cloud these longer wavelengths are filtered out. Thus, it is the water vapor that appears gray.
You cannot save $ 40,000 on a single word.  It does not make sense.  But what you can do is spend a lot of time doing research and play around with different concepts to see if you can save $ 10,000 by using existing technologies that do really compute well.  And that is what your startup did, you spent $ 10,000 on existing technologies that do really compute well like R, Python, jupyter notebook, and some HTML5 Canvas technologies, and you generated a really good result.  So if the goal is to save $ 10,000 then your approach was good and you can share your success.  If the goal is to replace the word " The " in the English language then it does not make sense.
HTML5 is a standards for rich internet applications which allow the browser to run independently of the operating system. With HTML5 you can: - Create a website with a web page, basic interactivity and scripting. - Control a website's interactivity and apparel style from your mobile device. - Link to other websites, rendering pages and running scripts that way. - Perform offline operations such as downloading files. Flash is an application platform and programming language created by Adobe Systems Inc. Flash allows designers and programmers to create user interfaces and interact with content on the web. Flash is best known for building online videos. Flash offers capabilities that HTML5 does not, such as the ability to run on all platforms and support for media content, which is limited in HTML5. It also offers the widest collection of expressive visual objects, effects and animation. Flash gives designers and programmers a lot of flexibility, but HTML5 provides a simpler solution, more consistently across devices, and has fewer proprietary requirements.
You are correct, there is no difference. The directions have been updated to say to place the pizza in the preheated oven. Prior to version 11.3.10 the directions said to keep the pizza frozen while preheating. This was incorrect and no longer necessary.
No, they use small fleet of drivers who rent out their car to ship items from stores.  Amazon finds the closest stores to you and gets you the delivery from those stores.  They have warehouses and drivers in all 50 states and many overseas.
the thing is that some senators and members of congress want to speak on a bill and the president doesn't like their ideas and does not want to go forward with the bill.  He wants to play politics and force them to go back to their committees, let them argue and argue for more time to make their point.  This part of the democratic process.  The democrats control the Senate.  The democrats have given the republicans filibuster rights.  They want to prevent a bill from passing with a simple 51 votes ( republican senators ).  if 51 democrats vote no ( which is typically the case) and 51 republican vote yes ( which is much more likely ) then the bill fails ( does not pass ).  This is how our government works.  A democratic president with a republican congress doesnt like the idea of the democrats stopping a bill.  So they use the "nuclear option" and declare that the bill will pass with 60 votes and the democrats will not be able to filibuster.  So now they have 60 votes and they vote yes.  Unfortunately, they hit 60 by a small margin so republicans dont like that either.  they filibuster.  This takes away the democrats ability to block
A rubber chicken is a live animal that has been decapitated and stored in a bag with airtight packaging.  When someone asks you to share, you take the neck part of the chicken and wrap it in tissue paper and tie it around a jar for the chicken to hold.  Then you take the remaining parts of the chicken and put them in a pot with hot water and wrap the pot in butcher paper to look like the wrapper for a roasted chicken.  You put the whole thing in the oven at 400 for 10 minutes and when it’s out you take the wrapper and the neck part and give that to your unsuspecting friend.  Your friends are shocked and confused when you ask them to share the rubbery part and then give them a big hug.  You’ve just made a friend for life!
Movies usually get their newborn babies from hospitals, birth homes or from pregnant women who want to prevent pregnancy. This is to make it seem as if the newborn baby is actually born from an actual pregnancy.
LSD (lysergic acid diethylamide) is a substance that changes the way people perceive reality and can cause some truly remarkable experiences. When the body or mind absorbs the LSD, a chemical reaction takes place that triggers a chain reaction of neural activity throughout the brain. The reaction eventually causes the brain to release chemicals that make people perceive various senses in ways they did not before. When ingested or otherwise introduced into the body, the effects of LSD are much more profound and can be life changing. While the exact mechanism is not fully understood, LSD appears to activate the same brain cells that are active when people perceive sensory information, including sight, sound, taste, and smell. While these experiences may initially seem unpleasant, they can be profound and leave people changed forever. The way people experience their surroundings, become more accepting of new ideas, and generally just view the world in a different way can be extremely positive.
Merry Christmas is actually an Americanism which first appeared in the 20th century.  It is not derived from the biblical term for " a happy   feast day " though some Americans may have believed that is its origins as a term of endearment.  A Merry Christmas is in fact anachronistic as the phrase was first popular in the 19th century to wish others a " happy holidays ".   In earlier times, Christmas was a more secular occasion and most English speaking countries still observed the " Church of England "'s  winter holidays which focused on family gatherings and gift-giving.  The phrase Happy Christmas was therefore adopted by neighboring England during a period of British colonial rule in North America during the 17th century.  It was a way of establishing an identity as an outpost of England rather than an indentured colony.
Because it's in Florida.
Video games - While it's true that most video games produced in Japan are single player experiences, they are notable for being quite creative and often profound. The most famous example being the Legend of Surampo which won multiple Game Grants from the Japanese government, not to mention having a slew of notable staff/collaborators. Likewise the acclaimed (but somewhat niche) adventure game Myced, a game about an agent tasked with stopping a shape shifter from starting World War III.  T.V. shows - Some of the most popular shows produced by Japanese studios include Magi, Attack on Titan, and Cowboy Bepop, all of which have received critical acclaim and been very popular among both critics and viewers around the world. Their appeal may be partly due to their comedic value and mature themes, considering their target audience is often 18-34 year old males and females. Music - Majorana luminal, Taro Hideki and his band, or Hot Wells is probably one of the most popular artist in Japan, known for their unique sound, collaborative work with numerous well known artists. Likewise, the electronic duo Lead. The two have collaborated with the likes of Kendrick Lamar, Bonnie Tyler and the Spice Girls.
People who make minimum wage don't get by, they fail. Those that can afford to live in a expensive city, like New York or Los Angeles, are those that are able to have two primary sources of income: One secondary income source to supplement the primary income source (e.g. second job, multiple part-time jobs, side hustle, etc.) and/or be able to withdraw from an investment portfolio and live off the dividends (which often are above the minimum wage).
According to wikipedia, after a war the former owners of the weapons/gear are usually the rural inhabitants (the farmers) of the country they were manufactured in.  When people get hungry they eat the food produced with the material the farmers used to produce the food.  While this makes the farmers financially less secure (since most of the stuff they used to produce is no longer around to produce food with) it forces them to feed themselves and be independent. A country at war, doesn't care whether it's farmers or not,  gets their food.
The EIA reported that about 34 billion cubic meters (bcm) of natural gas was produced in the United States in September. This was a slight decrease from August and is about 21 percent lower than in the same month last year.  There are multiple factors contributing to the decline in natural gas production. The shale gas revolution in the United States has been responsible for most of the production decline, though increased drilling efficiency and the use of fracking have played a role. The economic downturn in the late 2000s and early 2010s also had an adverse effect on natural gas production. U.S. natural gas production has since rebounded.
One night during the night a pirate and a botched the pirate's attempt to pillage a boat. The boat's owner was not at home to thank the pirate but his wife was. The pirate asked for her husband's sword in return. The wife agreed. The pirate started chopping away at the wood of the boat. Suddenly, the wood splintered and the pirate dropped the sword. The pirate and his crew thanked the owner and got away. When they got back to their ship, the pirate realized the wood had been chosen to be particularly heavy and that his sword was on the ground. He was then going to pay the owner a visit to ask for the sword. The pirate was captured by the king's men and tried for his life. The owner of the boat came and said that he dropped the sword and that the pirate was welcome to it. The pirate was acquitted and the owner got his sword back.
Because governments need to raise money to function. Some people believe that government should only be for the people and not for private corporations. This belief is referred to as libertarianism. To some people who hold that belief, the idea of governments forcefully taking their money via taxes is viewed as theft. This view is based on the premise that everyone is born with inherent rights that government cannot take away. These people also have the belief that governments are created to deal with protection of people and things, but are preventing people from having this protection with taxation. These people further believe that using force to take money from people to protect the public good, is theft. It is important to note that this perspective is quite common, but does not hold sway. Many people do not view taxation as theft. They see it as a means of raising money to fund government services for all citizens.
There are a few reasons for this. One is that the Romans conquered parts of eastern Europe and started using Latin names for countries. So in addition to naming their countries after their natives, some countries also got their names from where they were conquered. Another reason is that colonial powers would name their colonies after themselves or after their ruler. So some countries got their name because of where they are located, or the people who lived there. And another reason is that often the people who started a country decided to name it like this. For example France was formed after the Revolution to become a republic. So when people started calling it France they were following the common name for countries in that era.
Vegetables are able to get vitamins and minerals through the water and sunlight they receive. Some water in their root is shared with soil bacteria that help them produce a symbiotic relationship called the vermicome. This is the mechanism by which most plants obtain their vitamins, minerals and amino acids.
There is some debate as to why NATO chose to pronounce " 9 " as " niner " instead of just saying " nine ". There are many reasons, but perhaps the main one is that the English language lacks a word that sounds just like " nine " and so the NATO phonetic alphabet was designed to add such a word.
I have no idea, you are all welcome to explain it to me.
The most important element of a Banksy artwork is that it's non-photographic. This eliminates the opportunity for any copycat to make a "hit" on the same theme. Another important element of a Banksy work is that it appears to have been created recently - in the past few years. To date, Banksy has never created a work from live models or recent photos, and none have been submitted to police for examination. In addition, all known exemplars of Banksy's work share a consistent micro-groove pattern on their bottom surfaces, which is unique to only a few dozen other artists working in the UK.
No, it's not the same as rain and snow. Rain is water that has evaporated into gas. It's not sticking to the ground the way snow is. It's actually lighter than the air in which it's dispersed. This allows it to move faster, so it can fall directly from the sky in the form of rain, without the need for (bulky) snow to be first melted. This allows it to get to where it needs to get to faster, like on the ground the snow needs to melt in order to fall.
The file size of HTML5 is not much smaller than GIFs and takes up less data as they are standards and more importantly they have better support in browsers. Although HTML5 supports GIFs as a downloadable format that works on all modern browsers it uses less data than GIFs because it only needs a small header and the image data that contains the animation.
Electric company provides incentives to purchase CFL over incandescent light bulbs to reduce their carbon footprint. The idea is to buy CFL instead of Incandescent light bulbs which contain more carbon and use more energy to produce light. But the money that they provide to reduce the purchase of Incandescent light bulbs is not enough to attract customers towards CFL. So the incentive offered is relatively lower than the cost of CFL.
Russia's sole objective in the Ukraine crisis is to protect its interests.  It uses fascist governments to maintain power because that is the only way it knows to extract resources without a democratic process.  As such, Russia's goal in Ukraine is to protect its interests and the interests of its people.  Beyond that, it is likely simply using the opportunity to invade other countries that it feels are aligned against it.  A lot of this is just Putin being Putin and not based in reality.
The ACT is a proprietary test company and they charge a premium for them. The website may use a third party service that may be free, but there is an underlying cost for getting the data in the first place.
We ( japanese ) prefer to say "She" than "He" when referring to inanimate objects. The reason is to respect the users' feelings when referring to those objects in human communication. Therefor, we don't say " He " in a formal meeting, instead we can just say "The glasses are on my table" or " The cup is on the table."
when the earth stopped spinning the gravity would change. Everything would just drop to the ground. Everything, not just you. Gravity pulls everything down to the planet, so when the gravity changes everything will be pulled to the ground. Some of the heavy things might be heavy enough to break the ground, like a car, but not heavy enough to stop the rain. That rain will fall on the ground. Some plants will fall from the trees, and animals will fall from the trees and the sky. Some animals will try to fly and it might work but the air might be too thin and the animals might get hurt. People will try to jump but they will just hit the ground and feel some pain. Some people might survive by hiding under the ground. But since the earth is stopping the gravity, all heavy objects will fall on the ground and animals will try to fly but they will get hurt and die. It would be very dangerous because everyone and everything would fall on the ground. There would be nothing to grab onto or hang from. I don't think anyone would survive that.
Numberwang is a website that aggregates datasets with numbers to make it easier to find patterns in those datasets. For example, you can find all the dataset sizes for 2019 here: https://numberwang.com/datasizes/.  There's also a forum for general discussion: https://forum.numberwang.com/.
In dreams, you can express yourself with whatever form it takes, so it's very open. There's nothing to worry about because dreams are meaningless. Just keep deep breathing and you'll be fine.
The NFL is considered a " big brand " for the USA and any player that passes the ball is flagged and can get slapped with a fine, suspended time or even banned. If you watch the NFL you've probably seen a player getting tackled after throwing the ball to the ground or throwing it away and instead of the opposing team grabbing the football and running with it, the defense is forced to hand it over to the offence. This creates 2 options for the offence, hand it over or run the ball. The Seahawks only had the ball 10 times in the game and the offence only had the ball 4 times. Running the ball is more productive than passing the ball as teams stop the run after 4 downs and you want to get 4th and long or 5th and long to run the ball.  The offence had plenty of opportunities to pass in the first half with the Seahawks leading 14-0 with only 4 passes and 2 incomplete passes. They only had 13 plays for 64 yards passing which is well under 5 yards per pass attempt which is considered sub par for the NFL. The defence stepped up and ran with the football on 4 of their attempts for 31 yards which is also considered sub par. However, the offence only had 1 incompletion on 3 attempts
No, doctors don't use blood samples or needle pokes to tell you what kind of allergy you have. Instead, doctors use a variety of techniques to find out a persons allergy. The doctors will ask about your symptoms and conduct an elimination and a ingestion test to see if the allergy can be provoked. The elimination test requires the patient to completely avoid the suspected allergy source (i.e. no peanut butter). The ingestion test see if a patient can have a small amount of the suspected allergy source in their mouth and their breathing is visibly affected. This is commonly known as aDBSitestest or RAST test. Both tests have a blood draw as well but is not required to give the allergy diagnosis. A very high dose of epinephrine may be needed if the patient experiences anaphylaxis or loses consciousness.
The usual understanding of mutations focuses on the impact of single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) on gene function. A SNP changes the sequence of four nucleotides that make up the DNA sequence of a gene. Among the four nucleotides, the alleles or variants of two ( most often the reference alleles are always C, T, G, or A ) are chosen by the cell to encode amino acids that make up proteins. The result is that the protein variant produced by a given gene will have different amino acid sequences than the one produced by the gene of the other individual. For example, this may lead to the cancer gene driver Von Hippel-Lindau ( VHL ) being expressed in different proteins produced by different cells in a specific tissue than the one produced in the VHL gene from other tissues.  However, our understanding of mutations focuses on the impact of a smaller number of nucleotide substitutions on gene expression, usually only two, and the bigger impact on gene function of higher order epistasis between SNPs, where the function of one SNP is impacted by all other SNPs in the gene. Higher order epistasis occurs much more frequently than pairwise epistasis. These two kinds of epistasis are often separable in linkage disequilibrium, that is, where the probability of a SNP being found at any one
Two primary reasons planes typically have two or four wings:  - It is more efficient to use less wind to power the same lift. - If the plane is carrying more payload than it is wing area it can have multiple wings which will provide some redundancy in the event one wing fails.   Three wing planes are more efficient than two wing planes because air moves more easily over a greater area of a three winged plane. An airplane with three wings can generate more lift than an airplane with two wings.   There are other reasons multi winged planes are possible. But in summary this is because planes don't have two wings and four wings are more efficient than two wings.
Of course it's an evolutionary advantage. It's the norm for all warm blooded animals. It's good for you to have wily teeth because it can gnaw through heavy wood to get at meatier things like animals or fish. Without wisdom teeth we wouldn't be able to have steak.
you might be frustrated because you're a white male and you're in the ER, which is heavily biased towards people of your demographic
The thread you're reading about US oil being less than $50 per barrel was downvoted to hell and back because so many people still don't get it.  The reason that many people don't get it is that most of the commentary has been from a few individuals who understand the fundamentals but don't have the breadth of experience across the global energy supply chain that most of the energy trading community has accumulated through the years. Now, to address the question of who buys oil from ISIS for $40/barrel; it's almost certainly a front for an organization that is doing something illegal - or extremely immoral, depending on your perspective. I would be curious to know what that organization is as I'm curious as to why they are engaging in illegal or immoral activity.
In my opinion the best way to photograph the milky way is to use a telescope. You need a dark sky to take a photograph. If you are in the milky way or have the coordinates of the milky way to a part of the world with a clear sky during the night sky is a good time to do it. The brighter the milky way is the better the atmospheric conditions will be. Try to find a dark site where the milky way will be visible and not street lights. Clouds will will decrease your chances of photographing the milky way but don't worry they will be there. The photos usually are not sharp but very detailed.
Most police officers who are being investigated for using excessive force are not required to go to trial. Instead, they are typically required to give evidence before a grand jury and have a summary of their evidence read out in court in a normal criminal trial. This is because the police officer has yet to plead guilty to any offence, so a trial would be tantamount to them being found guilty of something. However, if the police officer refuses to answer questions under oath, the case can go to a grand jury instead. A grand jury's function is to decide whether there is enough evidence to support an indictment of an individual, so that they can be prosecuted for an offence.
I've had some high performance tires in my life, from a limited edition Racecar tire to Pirellis for my latest car. What makes one tire better than another is that one is made by one of the most'secretive' companies in the world, and the other tire is made by a regular company that just happens to have a great salesman.  The secretive company makes the best racecar tires and you need a car with some low grip capability to purchase their tires.  The best example of a'secretive' company is Tire Kingdom, makers of the single largest volume of tires in the world for cars, SUVs, light commercial vehicles, motorcycles, bicycles and motorcycles. To make a Pirelli tire, you have to partner with a company like Continental, who makes all kinds of tires, including bicycle tires. That's why the Pirelli bicycle tire cost me $150 versus the high end racecar tire which is made by Tire Kingdom for an order from a customer who required that exact tire to fit that bike.   The reality is there are many tires on the market, which are either made by small,'secretive' companies or regular companies that have just happen to make a great tire
Special glasses are worn to enable the user to see in 3D. 3D special glasses normally contain two images, a pair of right and left images that are seen parallaxally. When presented to the user with a 2D screen, the images are seen in an offset manner that can be tuned to create different feelings of depth. These images normally come from a different perspective then the one seen by the audience. By "panning" between these two images the audience sees a 3D effect. Some movies don't have the luxury of having two images, so the audience will see the right and left images from the same perspective. This is not the best effect, as it will create a similar feeling of depth but with no real cues from the eye as to how close or far things are. The 3D effect will look flat and just like the 2D version. This is where the edit will go in a direction where more of the image will appear to be in the screen, so if one image is closer the audience will believe the other image to be further away. This is why movies can have their original 2D versions cut into a 3D version, with the intent to show the 3D effect.
hair - women have it eyebrows - women have them too eye lashes - women have them too
This is legal as long as you don't smoke it or cook with it. In fact some would argue that the selling of drug paraphernalia is a badge of honor. Someone trying something new, very experimental, daring, showing their independence and, most importantly, generally much more enjoyable than any other drug.
Because the populations of the different continents have the seasons, one might assume that different seasons would dictate when it is appropriate to produce a TV show. However, there is a phenomenon called "phasing," where the viewers in a region already have access to the show through another medium (like Netflix or Hulu) and may not want to commit the time and effort to watch the new show that is emerging. Since the populations are not synchronized, phasing is an important factor in the scheduling decisions.
There are many factors that contribute to the post workout debacle but for the most part, when your body encounters extreme physical stress it triggers the release of stress hormones. These hormones cause your stomach to pull some of the food you've eaten into your stomach to help process the hormones. Additionally, extreme exercise can lead to bloating from the increase in water volume in your body. The combination of the large volume of water in your body and the food you've eaten causes a large pressure in your stomach.
yes and no.  yes because fire did not start until the combustible part was touched by human or flame was introduced, no because there would be evidence of that.  The question itself presupposes that the only evidence of a fire would be the residue of burned materials and human remains. A fire that gets started by aflame introduced by human or a cigarette would leave some trace that can be found by a flame light test. These trace elements  may include charring of human remains or some loose materials or chemicals that give off gases that can be detected by a flame test.  Even though a flame test can be done it does not find the start of the fire. A wooden post that has dried will start a fire if wetted. A fire could have started in a dry room then spread to a wet room.
No. The 3 Abrahamic religions (Christianity, Judaism and Islam) are not a one to one match with each other. There is a lot of cross fertilization and borrowing from ideas between the 3. So for example the first three Christians aren't called the third christ, they're called the Apostles and these are the people who saw god arise in the Gospel of Matthew.  So while they all believe in god, they don't all believe in the same god.
yes and no. Monaco has a no tax policy but it also imposes aval tion on revenue from the salaries it pays to its staff, so there is a tax effect. The no tax policy is achieved by printing money to the tune of the t cost of living and spending it on the economy (aka printing money)   A great explanation of how this works can be found here: https://economix.net/
Simple, demand for rice has outpaced supply, making it more scarce and therefore more expensive. Brown rice on the other hand has more demand since it requires less work to produce (germination, cooling, washing) and more people can eat it in a single serving (one rice kernel).
A straw man argument is a fallacious argument which purports to show that the opposition's position is absurd, but in fact it only contains the assumptions of the opposition. In a nutshell, it's a type of invalid argument created by presenting the other person's argument so quickly that they don't have time to address all of the arguments against their position, or by mischaracterizing their argument in order to show that it's flawed.
SpaceX chose to have a countdown to liftoff as part of their dramatic effect. It worked and there was a huge international interest in what was to be a historic launch of the US military and private contractor SpaceX. SpaceX founder Elon Musk even called it "aonce in a lifetime opportunity" to have a space launch. However, the countdown is also intended to provide useful information to SpaceX and the public. It informs us of our location, how far we are from launch and of course our countdown status. It can be distracting to individuals watching but no less educational. I would guess that the information contained in the countdown is intended to be informational to those watching but perhaps also intended for SpaceX or the military to use if needed.
There are multiple reasons but probably the most likely is that these buildings need some lighting to be useable. Also we're probably saving money by cutting down on electricity use.
NO
Because people need an incentive to work harder and do better, the only way to achieve that is by giving them an incentive to bring more to the table that what they have.  To put it in other words, the more you have, the less you have to gain by working hard. An example: If a poor person wants to improve his/her income, the only way to do it is by working harder. The richer person has more resources, that allows him/her to spend the resources on services that the poor person cannot afford.
How does a star ( such as sol ) work? They are just floating balls of energy, how do they just not explode or collapse on themselves?   As they are just balls of energy, they don't have any native structure, like a sphere or any other rigid form.  A star is simply a bigger version of a atom.  One of the big forces between atoms ( hydrogen bonding ) is responsible for keeping atoms tightly grouped into a sphere.  So in a way, the structure of a star is supported by the energy of the electrons in its nucleus.   The energy of a star is released as it dies, when its internal nuclear fusion reactions give way to the thermonuclear fusion reactions that lead to becoming a white dwarf, and becoming a neutron star when it is  overly dense.  This further supported by  gravity from all the hydrogen in its outer envelope.
It's a bit of both. Scratching your back releases endorphins which make you feel better. However, if you are scratching someone else's back you are likely scratching the skin of a muscle group that was hurting you and this release stimulates the entire body to release endorphins and dopamine which leads to a feeling of well being.
Salt water is hard on metal and electronics, why not just drop it in a big lake like the great lakes?
A person's net worth is determined by how much money they have over and above what has been paid in taxes and any other debt obligations they have. A company, governmental entity or even another individual can make a person's net worth through their earnings potential.
That depends on how you define "ever". The United States, as a governmental entity, has been in existence for nearly 240 years and the national debt has increased dramatically over the last 220 years, but the US has managed to pay down almost half of its debt through inflation and current-dollar repayments. The National Debt to GDP ratio in 2024 was 19.14%, a reduction from 50%+ in the early 2000s (see the chart below).   Although "ever" may be a long time, a better way to think of this is that the US "never" has paid off the entire national debt. The last time the US paid down the entire national debt was in 1933, when it paid down $29.5 billion. It still has about $278.4 billion in total national debt, so for now, the US will never be completely debt-free.  But as the chart below shows, it appears unlikely that the US will ever be able to reduce its national debt below 60% of GDP.   Note that the US' current national debt is largely composed of short-term bonds, and the national debt has generally been serviced by the payment of inflation (current-dollar repayments). The long-term bonds (30
The standard screen resolution of a 1366x768 in the late 1990s was chosen because that was the exact resolution of every single single individual laptop monitor that was made in the late 1990s. Computer monitors have a screen of pixels and each pixel could have a varying color depth. For example, some monitors could be RGB 15, some RGB 16 and some could be RGB 24. 1366x768, being the exact pixel resolution for both RGB 15 and RGB 16, was chosen because it had to be a compromise on color depth between these two monitor types.
It's relevant because it is based on ethics and morals of that time and because it creates basic human rights and freedoms that we still have today.
Valve has had Greenlight since 2014.  Greenlight allows it to get feedback and information about the games that are being developed for Steam.  Based on this information Valve decides what to do with the game in the future.  If a game does well on Greenlight it means Valve gets paid more to develop the game and keep it on the platform.  If a game does not do well on Greenlight Valve gets less money to develop the game and keep it on the platform.  If the game does do well on Greenlight then the development team gets paid more for the game they developed.
SO is short for "sorted out" which is a slang phrase used in a casual relationship where one of the parties has made a mistake and are communicating with an attempt to repair the mistake. Fiancé(e) or girlfriend (or boyfriend) are the parties being referenced in this scenario.
Debt that companies buy and then later sell on the market again making money.  This business model is called market investing where they buy debt and later resell the debt on the market. Some companies that do this are airlines, utilities, call centers and banks.
When we try to locate something in space ( as opposed to something's position in space ), the wave-particle duality of light comes into picture. Shooting light at an object moving at high speed will disrupt the light's wave form, and disturb our ability to measure the object's location. But the object is moving. So the light is disturbed., and it's speed is unknown to us. If we measure the light's speed, its wave form disrupts even more. Hence, we have an uncertainty in the object's location. This uncertainty is described by Heisenberg's uncertainty principle.
A transformer is a device that transfers electrical energy from a higher voltage to a lower voltage. The primary winding of the transformer is connected to a higher voltage supply, and the secondary winding is connected to the load.
Most porn stars will perform in several films over a long period of time and some of these films will get leaked online or shown on porn channels and if they perform using their actual semen then this may contain higher than standard amounts of STD causing organisms like HIV.  These porn stars will then go on to other studios for other films and sometimes do 'famous' porn scenes that will get broadcast/shown on porn channels.  When a porn star appears in a scene that is not the'real' them, but contains seminal fluid that is not their own, they become 'ATM'.  This can be extremely dangerous for this reason.  Most porn stars have publicist who will book them out in public and then try and cover this up by maintaining that the actor was simply sick at the time and not anyone with a famous or infamous status.  Sadly, there are still a handful of performers who are not as clever as the rest and actually tell the truth about it.
Speech and Language research has shown that parrots use a unique system for sound production called Neural Darwinism, which allows them to be capable of forming and producing complex sounds that are impossible for traditional speech-producing equipment to generate. Neural Darwinism involves the use of sensing, processing, and transmitting machinery within their brains that does not include lips, tongue, or ears. This is why parrots can form words, make sounds, and do everything we associate with human language.
A screen protector is a thin plastic sheet that sits on top of the display of a mobile phone or tablet computer. Typically, the protector is about 50 microns thick. If you press down on the screen of a phone with a stylus that is made of something with some give to it like silicone rubber or a plastic, the screen can detect the pressure and activate the phone. Unlike a touchscreen, a screen protector can be used with a stylus. Without the protector, you can't use a stylus without damaging the phone.
A theory is a hypothesis that is not supported by empirical evidence yet. A law is supported by empirical evidence and commands to be followed. The difference between a theory and a law is purely semantical, a law is used to guide actions.
According to VaxXbox, 47% of Americans think that vaccines cause autism. Furthermore, the measles continue to be a problem in certain regions of the world where people are unvaccinated. The lack of education, fear of side effects, and too many information at the same time creates a good opportunity for misinformation to spread rapidly. Overall, this is an ethical and practical issue since the vaccines have drastically reduced the incidence of dangerous diseases.
I'm not sure this question is actually relevant to'assisted suicide'or not. Suicide is a means to end of living, assisted suicide provides a means to end of living where the help is provided by another party not personally implicated in the end of life decision. I can understand that the prevailing culture of the US might be such that assisted suicide would result in a black mark against the medical profession, and the prospect of a reversal of this judgement by a higher court might be challenging enough that many physicians might still oppose it. Lethal injection, on the other hand, involves the use of a highly regulated, individually administered dose of a strong drug ( and this is a scientific matter, and certainly beyond my competence). The drugs themselves, including those used for lethal injection, are not unsafe. The personal safety of the health care professional administering the drugs is not in any danger. Furthermore, a reversal of this judgement by a higher court is not a challenge which has arisen in the past. In short, I don't think there's a reason which would motivate a physician to oppose assisted suicide but not lethal injection.
Lions, Tigers and Bears are popular among animal lovers because these animals are  endangered, which makes them very popular as mascots. In many countries lions, tigers and bears are actually legally protected in zoos or national parks. These animals are also very social, living in packs and they are very aggressive when protecting their territories. That's why in certain countries they are used as mascots in parades or even in supermarkets.
Thanks! This webpage is part of the URL_0 website. Webmasters & website operators can use the website to answer questions from the public. Please feel free to ask us anything!  URL_0 (pronounced "url zero") is a non-profit organization based in Santa Cruz, California. It was established in 2012 by Matthew Riemann and hosts the url_0 chat room, a Twitter-like platform where users can ask questions or share ideas with other individuals online.
Most serial killers are from North America, because there is a lot of space to expand into. They can expand their prey population much more widely than smaller nations. And its easier to move into a large country than smaller countries.
Let's take an example where there are infinitely many rabbits and infinitely many cows. Rabbits and cows are two different types of animals. From the mathematical standpoint, there can be only be one type of animal. However, in the real world, there are infinitely many types of animals. Therefore, the type of animals can't be defined mathematically and the real world is the winner.
The US oil and gas industry experienced years of flat to declining production. This was due to a variety of factors, including a decline in the drilling of new wells and the replacement of fracked gas with renewables, as well as a decrease in drilling in shale formations that require expensive drilling techniques and the use of large amounts of water and chemicals.  The industry began to recover when the frackers began to re-open wells that had been shuttered during the sharp declines, but the prices required to get them back into production were much more expensive than before.  The price of oil remained low due to several forces: some nations imposing a tax on crude oil, and/or exporting oil due to political instability and lack of investment in their oil industry. As a result of these and other factors, US oil production has leveled off, while oil imports have grown. As of June 2023, the United States imported 2.77 million barrels of oil per day, up 11% from the same month in 2022. As of the same date, it produced 2.86 million barrels per day, down 0.2% from the previous month.
Scientology seem "normal" to the celebrities. It's their fathers choice to join, their mothers choice to join, their children choice to join, so they have no other choice.
Sound tends to be categorized as artifical or natural.  Artifical sounds include : buzzing fridge, humming electric toothbrush, ticking watch or DTMF tones which are generated from a phone to connect with an outside service.  Natural sounds include things like snoring, swallowing, typing, rain, cows lowing, jackhammering in the background.  Some sounds are more offensive to humans than others.  A jackhammer is hardwired into a machine and doesn't require the person to generate it.  It's therefore a very natural sound.  On the other hand, typing or an electric toothbrush requires an individual to generate the noise so it's more like an artifical noise.  Now some people find sounds like a jackhammer offensive so it's hard to say exactly why some sounds are perceived as offensive.
I believe they had the opinion that aiming up / down in Doom was pointless.
When looking at pictures like this, ( URL_0 ) it appears there is nothing attached to the rover itself that is taking the picture. This is due to the retroreflector arrangement on the rover. A retroreflector is a shiny surface that is able to bounce incident light back toward the spacecraft and on the way back reflect it in all directions. This allows for the detection and collection of the reflected light by the rover. This retroreflector arrangement is used on the rover to help guide the vehicle and to guard against damage to the rover from soft targets such as rocks.
In political debates, people will make arguments using rhetorical tricks like : using a strawman to create an argument that only supports their position, while attacking another argument as a strawman.  A strawman argument is used to demonize a group, position or people, while distorting the real arguments.
Itchy throat can be caused by a variety of factors including the common cold, allergies, and anything that irritates the throat, such as stress or a cold.
- It wouldn't work. There would be too much pollution. The smoke would block the sun. And the ash is too heavy to just burn.
Green Olives are stuffed with Pinenuts. They don't use a stuffing machine, they hand stuff them in the copper holes that go into the pit of the Olive. When they fill the olives they put them in brine to dry for 6 months.
Yes, messenger birds are really just ravens. They don't have a centralized hierarchy or order like parrots or parakeets. They communicate through touch, smell and sound. They have keen senses of direction and can navigate for many kilometers per day. They are found throughout the forests of Central America and the Caribbean.
The American Indians and the British viewed each other as barbaric, unhygienic and animalistic, so there wasn't much to dislike about the British in the American colonies.
Fruit flies are part of our environment. You see them in every restaurant and everywhere. These little critters have a very simple job: They eat our food. While it sounds pleasant to many of us, it really is not. We are allergic to them. When these flies go around, we get itchy and maybe even sneeze. While they can't appreciate it, it is annoying to us.
I do not know why they do but bowling alley smell has a distinctive smell. We do not know what causes the smell but we know that the smell does not linger long on our hands. We have smelled it in states that is not well ventilated. We know that there is a special bucket of cleaning fluid used by the employees to swish down the alley after cleaning. We can also clearly identify the smell of chalk on our hands.
Free - to - watch content:  Paid - content :
Its just one way to prevent phone numbers with spaces or other symbols from submitting correctly. It has nothing to do with spaces, it has to do with how internet browsers display phone numbers. But now even phone number look more like links than the numbers they actually are, here are some examples :  555-555-5555 555.555.5555 555 888-555-5555 555 8888-555-5555  That's just some examples of how phone number have been displayed by modern internet browsers.  They all pass as a number, but internet browsers have decided to hide the spaces and other symbols to prevent users from mistaking them for links.
To prevent relapse recovering drug addicts have to completely quit alcohol. They also cannot smoke cigarettes, even if they were only smoking cigarettes in the past. This is because smoking cigarettes again gives a taste for the drug. If a recovering drug addict then smokes cigarettes it is like having the drug again.
Prepping is a way of living to prepare for an end of the world. It typically consists of accumulating and storing resources, usually including food, water, guns, and medicine. Preppers also typically have a basic understanding of how to maintain their healthcare and electrical systems in the event of a crisis or disruptive event.   Prepping can be an interesting hobby but be careful as there is some " online trolling " in prepping communities. Check with a reputable source before making any financial commitments.
The time appears to slow down when you are near the speed of light due to the relativity principle. Near light speed the effects of gravity plays less importance, leading to shorter time for object to travel from a reference frame where the speed of light is considered to be to a reference frame where it is considered to be.
Somewhat. Like humans, dogs have an innate sense that animals belong to them. When they have puppies, they instinctively feel like they are responsible for the well-being of their young, and that the puppies are actually their own. This is because when a woman is expecting a baby, she is excited that the baby is hers, and will feel a certain level of attachment to it. This is why it is not uncommon for a new mother to cuddle and comfort the baby after it's born. When a dog has puppies, they feel a similar attachment, but on a primal level. This is also why dogs will often lick the puppies to make them feel better as they were just like babies once.
It seems that your eye  caretakers are not distributing the excess oil under your eyes with your daily foundation application. It is as though you have not used any!  Instead, it seems like your under eye area is being massaged or oiled by another person, likely your trusted La Mer duo eye cream.  This is a sign of love and care.
-12 is just the lowest temperature you can expect to measure today in Iceland, -12 is also the coldest it ever got last winter.  -10 is the lowest temperature you can reasonably expect to measure at today.  -11 is the lowest temperature you can expect to measure at today in Iceland
The only thing you can do is wait and see. If you don't drink any water, you will die of hunger and thirst within a few hours.
Assuming your stereo is not trying to tell you something, it's probably just adjusting to detect the presence of a human being in your room. You may want to try asking your stereo if it can expand on who is in the room or if it could just be adjusting.
Our bodies know not to fall off the bed because of the tension on the bed springs and the force of gravity. Our bodies are not meant to fall off of beds, but they will if the tension is not right on the springs. The bed springs are secured at the head of the bed, foot of the bed and are made of steel and are typically tensioned with steel cables. When we sleep, our bodies weight pulls on the tensioned cable, which tightens the cable. This tightens the spring, which keeps our bodies in place on the bed. If our bodies try to slide off the bed, the cable on the bed spring pulls on the body pulling the cable tight and keeping the body in place. This is why when we're sleeping we do not feel like we're going to fall off of the bed.
First, you have to consider the risks and challenges involved in landing a spacecraft on another celestial body in our solar system.  To have a functional colony you need to be able to deliver food, water, clothing, medicine and sufficient raw materials to sustain life.  Those materials will have to be delivered with sufficient quantities and types of transported materials and equipment to support the needs of a colony.  To accomplish all of this, you need a sustainable and cost effective approach.  So if you're landing on Mars and you're taking on water and other resources with you, you're not going to Mars if you're flying to Mars or the moon.  You're better off with that water and resources on the surface of Mars.  It will enable you to achieve your objectives of establishing a sustainable base that will provide necessary resources and services to your Earth supported population.  Also, the atmosphere and gravitational pull of the moon would be much less than that of Mars making a sustainable mission using equipment and supplies with any chance of survival more challenging.
There are a few possible culprits. 1. There are 15 billion goddamn Chinese, why don't they flood the site? 2. That cute porn girl on Facebook, everyone wants to befriends her. 3. Reddit itself is now so large that even with a large multi-language backend, performance remains slow.
A water tower is used to store large amounts of water and can be used for backup or pressure management.  When hurricanes or floods hit a city, it is good to have a strategic amount of water stored in a water tower so that it is available in a few hours instead of days.  A water tower also holds a higher amount of water than other reservoirs which allows it to be used as a strategic pressure management reserve.
One 30 % alcohol beverage contains 30 grams of alcohol or more, but is below the 0.10% alcohol by volume (ABV) limit for drinks.  Three 10 % alcohol beverages contain 10 grams of alcohol or more, which is over the 0.10% ABV limit for drinks. However, since a person only has small amounts of alcohol in their blood at 10 % ABV (i.e. an equivalent to one 10 % alcohol beverage), a person is presumed to be "under the influence" and therefore legally intoxicated when blood alcohol content (BAC) is over 0.05% (i.e. five 10 % alcohol beverages is over the 0.05% BAC limit).  However, as of 2023, there is a 0.02% BAC limit for drivers in the US which may be reduced to zero based on a person's weight. The 0.02% BAC limit may be reduced to zero in 2024.
Two Runways = 2X 2.5 million passengers a year  The city of London has plans to add a further runway known as number 3, although this is not a certainty and is subject to planning and public opinion. It is also subject to the outcome of legal challenges.
This may sound gross but men and women react very differently when they come.  While women typically take much longer to reach orgasm, they are one of the last animals on the farm to reach their final orgasm.  When a woman comes, she moves from mild to intense levels of pleasure very, very slowly.  If she comes at all, it is because of intense and prolonged stimulation.  Men, on the other hand, reach peak pleasure very, very quickly.  They have more nerve endings in their bodies, which means that when they are sexually pleasured, they can reach an intense level of pleasure much faster than women.
You made me.
Our teeth and the inner ear are connected by the vestibular system, which is composed of the threeyrinth in the cerebellum. The three-meridionalyrinth consists of vestibular glands, the utricle and the saccule. The utricle and saccule are vestibular organs that contain cilia that create an aqueous solution which is moved about by the mechanical movement of the head.
Usually those cities with the highest housing prices are typically those with limited housing supply. So when a lot of people want to live there, the housing prices will go up which means you can now get more money for your home.  For example in New York City when there is a high demand for homes, the prices tend to go up even more so the owners can still get a good return on their investment.  However when you have more and more people wishing to move there and willing to pay the high prices, there is less and less space to put everyone and the population densities get crowded.
It's often said that sitcoms are 30 minutes long and dramas are 60 minutes long but there has never been a 60 minute comedy. The 30 minute comedy was the Monty Python's Flying Circus. But that's an artsier, more cerebral comedy. Comedies of the last few decades have moved towards a broader, snappier take on things and 30 minutes just wasn't long enough to do this kind of broad, sharp humor. So sitcoms have become longer.
Catnip is a plant that contains chemicals that stimulate the brain of your cats prey mammals, the prey mammals release dopamine, which stimulates the mind of your cats prey and stimulates the anal glands of the cats prey for a smooth sailing.The catnip plant creates this chemical cocktail to make cat ready.
When a soap opera begins with a character throwing a taco in the first scene and pulling a bottle of tequila from his pocket just to dive into a hot tub in the middle of the living room, it's a given it's going to be a soap opera. In fact, the tequila may as well be blood.
Hydration is very important for your survival. Like any other vital need, it's normal to feel the urge to drink sometimes when you are in a pinch. The difference between being addicted to water and being addicted to Heroin is that when you are addicted to Heroin, your body becomes desensitized to the need for it, and so you can become chronically dehydrated. This can lead to serious health complications.
Well, at first I thought that Bob wouldn't have to do all that time, but after some thinking I realized it was Bob's time that had been measured, not his chicken or fish. And it's so easy to change the law, Bob, so it's unlikely that you'll have to do any time at all.
The part of your bladder that fills from the kidneys is technically called the renal bladder and is regulated in a way that is unique to the urinary system. We can hold a considerable amount of time without needing to urinate but once we feel near a bathroom we typically have a limit. This is likely due to the small size of the bladder compared to the overall volume of urine it can hold, the valve in the bladder's neck which is responsible for opening and closing to let fluid escape and re-enter the bladder, is not able to close completely without needing to urinate which could cause the bladder to become distended and cause pain and discomfort.
Often online retailers will display the price after adding the item to your shopping cart. This is because the price will vary based on the retailer's delivery fees. So by having this information before adding the item to your shopping cart will give the customer the option to accept the delivery fee or opt-out.
We really don't know a lot about the woman depicted in the Mona Lisa.  There is nothing about her life that we can see or infer from her appearance.  What makes her special is the style of her painting.  The techniques used to paint the clothing, the light on her face and eyes, the placement of her hands and fingers, the brush strokes, and other details make the Mona Lisa a masterpiece.  Many art historians and experts agree that the Mona Lisa is an impressive piece of art and will likely remain the world's most expensive painting.
I don't know about you, but if everyone in the United States stopped paying income taxes, our government's cash flow would likely suffer significantly. Congress and the President depend on revenue to fund various government programs and functions, including the military, Homeland Security, and TARP (the Troubled Asset Relief Program). There's also an estimate that the US government makes over 20% on net by taxing corporations and individuals. Without income taxes, the government will likely have to tax corporations through sales or value-added taxes or individuals through a cash tax or some combination of all three.  How to stop paying income tax? Since the 17th amendment was ratified in 1868, it is perfectly legal to refuse to pay income tax. However, under the 14th amendment, US citizens have a right to keep and bear arms, and since the 2nd amendment restricts the right to keep and bear arms only to people over the age of 18, I would imagine that not paying income tax would not lead to martial law.
I'm not sure if it's appropriate to use the word 'jumping' in reference to this question, as there is a huge difference between expecting a relatively small amount of effort from an animal in order for it to be rewarded, and instead giving that same animal no trouble at all, and expecting it to just fly.  I do understand the gist of your question though. Ultimately, what is happening in this case is the simple act of an animal's brain firing up a bunch of pre-existing instructions into an automaton of sorts, causing it to assume a relatively efficient jumping posture. Anatomically speaking, the spring in the tail which is common among animals that jump, can also be found in extinct animals like giraffes and their closest living relatives ( the Moschidae family ).  Some animals that don't jump (like the boa constrictor ) also have flexible necks, which may make them difficult to study from the outside. However, I'm sure if the snake ate a rat, it would promptly lose its fear of humans.
Short answer: dogs can't resist the aroma, and cats can't prevent themselves from dropping turds. Long answer: On earth, dogs and humans share a common ancestor. Our distant common ancestor was a burrowing creature called the early primate. They too evolved the urge to forage for food. As early as the time of our common ancestor, the ability to digest meat had developed, allowing them to eat the faeces of other animals. Their food preferences have remained more or less the same throughout evolution. As the early primates started to walk on two legs and use their mouths to hunt, their need to forage for food has driven the development of the intestinal tract and led to the development of the enzyme that turns meat into nutrients. After all this evolution, it's still a turn-off to our common ancestor. As early primates started to wear clothes and move around in small groups, they lost their foraging habit and hence no longer needed to forage for food. They still had the urge to poo, but now they could get rid of that urge by rolling around in the grass or by simply dropping the faeces directly on the ground. Humans continued to eat meat and developed the desire to gather their own food, hence the ability to digest meat
There are a lot of war crimes because war is wrong and immoral. Violations of human rights are part of war. War is a crime and people who start wars are criminals. This is true for all countries. This is also true for the US and Israel.
Herbivores have a two pronged method for acquiring muscle mass. First is through the consumption of animals that were fattened primarily on grass prior to slaughter for human consumption. Wild horses are one example of an animal that consumes grass exclusively. Second is through supplements and other methods. There are many high impact players in the industry who promise to get you big and strong but the data to support their products is lacking.
I'm not a lawyer, so take this with a large grain of salt, but the most common interpretation is that the use of the phrase is a subtle way of asserting guilt without providing evidence. In a world of automated law enforcement, where the only admissible evidence is that which is electronically stored and presented in a vacuum, and interpreted by automated systems, certain individuals feel more comfortable with a phrase that could suggest that they are being coerced.
Traffic lights are controlled by traffic signal controllers or TSICs. The traffic signal controller has three different sets of signals with different colors (RED, GREEN and WHITE) that trigger three different actions depending on the situation.  For example, when a car enters the intersection the RED signals trigger a stop condition for cars. When the car is about to change direction and leave the intersection, then the GREEN signals trigger a delay from before the car changes direction to when the car changes direction. When a car changes direction from heading North-South to heading East-West the WHITE signals trigger a delay from when the car changes direction until the light turns green for cars to move through the intersection.  Traffic lights are thus designed to cause the least amount of traffic jams. The minimum amount of signals is 3 signals. This allows a traffic light controller to monitor the traffic conditions and allow cars to make their turns at an appropriate time. The same idea of having a minimum amount of signals applies to trains. The two signal rail extensions to enable 3 signals on a train is another good example of minimizing the number of signals.
Piracy is considered derisive because the internet community at large believes artists are not able to do things their way, especially when it comes to the entertainment industry. This is very offensive to artists who have dedicated years or even decades to mastering their craft. The lack of trust in the entertainment industry is considered a major reason for piracy and supporting artists means supporting the internet.
You are all thinking the same " tap water " tastes bad. You are right. However the problem is the water that comes from the tap is not completely drinkable. Most tap water comes from some sort of water treatment plant that can often cause contamination in the water. The water treatment plants create treated water for municipalities to use. Many times these municipalities will bottle the treated water and sell it for consumption. This is why you sometimes see soft drinks labeled as " purified water " or " spring water " for example. The water treatment plant adds chemicals to make the water more palatable and/or make it fit for human consumption. However, the actual taste of tap water comes from the water and not from the water treatment plant.
Because no international criminal court exists, which makes it very hard to bring such charges.
A way to know how atoms look like is by understanding how atoms were formed in the beginning and from what kind of material. The first atoms were formed in the universe when it was a dense, hot, liquid state. In that state, it probably already had a spherical shape like a ball, since it was formed from a liquid state. Once this first form of atoms coalesced together to form more complex molecules, probably formed from even more atoms. For the last five years, I have been working on a technology that might be able to image atoms. This project started in my masters degree at Oxford and now I'm working at a lab at CERN.  I first had the idea to image atoms back in my PhD, when I realized that when we measure how long it takes for neutrons to go from protons to a gamma detector, it is actually the gamma photons that are being slowed down.  The idea was to tag the gamma photon with a time tag when it is emitted by a proton. This tagging should happen very fast, so fast that the detector could not register it, but the the gamma photon should then take a certain time to get rid of the tagging and the Detector should register it.  This idea actually worked in my PhD and
Our eyebrows were created at a very early age by Mother Nature for two main purposes.  The first and most obvious is to keep our eyes warm.  Think about it how does one know when its cold outside?  Well the temperature outside is just not warm enough to the touch. When the momment come to it the answer is our eyebrows.  Our second primary function is for a small smile.  Many animals have eyebrows.  Most primates have both a central brow that lifts and curves down from the center of the eye to rest on the upper eyelid, and outer brow that gently joins the hair on each side of the eye.   Ancient human species had both an outer and inner brow, but over time humans lost the inner brow due to human hardship.  They literally scalped each other to survive.  Today it's not uncommon to see an bald human on the street.  Scientists believe the inner brow evolved into the outer brow because the inner brow was used for picking things out of the imaginary long haired club the people back in the day might have been members of.  I'm not saying you'll ever see one of these imaginary clubs again, but they do sometimes resurface.  Now the eyebrows are gone from our species however we still
Like I said in the beginning of this long message, we are not at liberty to explain every aspect of our internal affairs operations or the work that our police do. We can assure you that we take the health and well-being of our police officers very seriously, and they are held to the highest standard of conduct and integrity. When an officer fails to meet that standard, our investigation, the result of which will be communicated to the relevant parties, will follow the appropriate criminal justice process.
The difference is that a dual core processor has only two cores, whereas a 6-core processor has six cores. The 6-core processor has hyper-threading, which allows it to have two identical threads running at the same time. This means it has six threads in total, but only four actual cores, with two threads per core.  The two threads in a hyper-threaded processor are known as hyper-threading threads. This means the two threads are not quite the same - they are implemented with privileged instructions that can't be executed in a non-hyper-threaded environment. The hyper-threaded threads can run at the same time, but at a slightly reduced speed, and with the ability to switch between them to gain context-switching performance.
The Kennedy Space Center, the launch site, is located in Florida, and it is in a tropical region - the state is sunny most of the time, and it is in a region where hurricanes are common. Therefore, it is considered safer to launch from a place where hurricanes are less likely to occur.
That's a great question, and no, you're not just tilting the mirror up to hit the ceiling inside your car. The mirror actually attaches to the ceiling via a set of 'hinges' at the top of the mirror, which allow you to rotate the mirror to achieve a variety of functions including but not limited to the following:  - To see your vehicle rear-view mirror when you're rear-facing car seat, so you can maneuver the rear of your vehicle without turning your head away from the rear-view mirror. - To see your vehicle rear-view mirror when you're not in the car, so you can check the rear of your vehicle before getting in and out of the car. - To see the ceiling inside your vehicle when you're parked in a horizontal orientation, so you can see a dimmer view of what's behind you (e.g. parking lot sign, ceiling of a nearby shop, etc.).
Nuclear fission is not fast enough to power a Space Shuttle Orbiter. There are two reasons for this. First, the nuclear fission reactions slow down as they build up heat and radioactivity that damage the components of the reactor. Second, space is not completely empty; there is a need for electric power to power the sophisticated equipment needed for living and working in space. This restricts the options to other sources of electricity such as solar cells and batteries which also require maintenance and availability of a source of electricity.
Gas can be compressed into smaller and smaller volume. if its at room temperature it can be collected in a container with low volume. These can then be transported and used for various applications.
GIFs are stored as bitmap files, which is how they are transmitted over the internet. Bitmap files are great at displaying small, low-res images but are horrible at displaying high-res images because the files are so big. On the other hand, videos are typically stored as waveforms in MPEG-4 or H.264, which are much more compact than bitmap images. Waveforms are much better at displaying high-res images because they can be displayed much smaller.
Italyn't suffered as many losses during WWII as either Germany or Japan, however Italy's role in WWII - namely it's policy in their occupied Europe that aided in the survival of Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan - makes them more culpable in the eyes of history than either of those nations.
so after a while, one guy started offering jobs and payment to his community, and this attracted more customers, more business, and started giving him a competitive edge in the market to other communities .
The human body has very few organs that can survive a凌 abrupt decrease in blood pressure.  The blood vessels in the arms and legs are hardened blood vessels which can withstand abrupt decreases in blood pressure, but the nervous system cannot.  The main organs that would suffer sudden decreases in blood pressure are the kidneys, the heart and the liver.  We are evolved creatures with hardy liver and cardiovascular systems, that can survive and recover from traumatic events.  But I am NOT an evolved creature. I am a 3 month old organism with an immature nervous system that cannot reset my equilibrium as quickly as your typical evolved creature.  The first 3 to 5 milliseconds after losing consciousness are critical.  It is not enough time to think of equilibrium, so you instinctually try to find it, which can lead to looking down. In your attempt to look down you lose your equilibrium.  The pressure change from standing on the snow and the body weight suddenly being transferred to the snow is a lot more than you are used to bearing from standing, so your feet want to slip from the snow, you push down harder on the snow to keep your balance, but now your feet are pushing harder than your body weight, and the moment your body starts
The term "atherosclerotic heart disease" or " atherosclerosis" refers to a group of conditions including heart attacks, angina and strokes that are caused by a buildup of plaque in the arteries.  Plaque is basically hardened cholesterol deposits that build up in the arteries and reduce blood flow, which can lead to chest pains or sweating and other symptoms.  This plaque buildup can be caused by many things including genetics, smoking, being overweight or stress.  The buildup of plaque in the arteries is called "atherosclerosis" and can lead to a heart attack if enough plaque builds up enough in an artery to completely block blood flow.  When thinking about heart attacks, it's important to realize that there are many causes of atherosclerosis.  While there are medical tests to look for atherosclerosis, the main cause is lifestyle modification.  Quitting smoking, losing weight, managing stress, eating a healthy diet and exercising are all effective ways to lower the risk of atherosclerosis and lead a healthy lifestyle.  While there are many different causes of heart attacks, quitting smoking, eating healthy and exercising are generally effective ways to lead a healthy lifestyle and reduce the risk of heart attacks.  Eating a healthy diet is especially important as studies have shown that eating a "heart healthy
The reason why live TV looks different from pre - filmed TV even when they are broadcast at the same quality is that the picture undergoes some changes to make it better fit the visual environment. This process is called?upscaling?. Upscaling algorithms process the low resolution transmitted video signal to create a higher resolution picture that will fit the display. This resolution is usually much lower than the original (source) resolution. Upscaling algorithms were initially developed to fit screens with a limited number of pixels (traditional PAL and SECAM monitors). To provide good quality video for these early displays, various artifacts were introduced that make the picture look clearer and cleaner than the original. These artifacts made sense for the early monitors, that only had a few hundred thousand pixels to work with. Over time, as displays improved and became more detailed, these artifacts became more visible.   Upscaling algorithms have also improved to do a better job on modern displays with more pixels, in higher resolution sources like High Definition (HD) content. The newer displays also refresh at a faster rate (60 FPS or more). This means that the visual content presented on the screen has more motion. This creates a much faster moving picture than what was presented on older displays. Thus, older SD material is now difficult to perceive
Anti - bacterial hand gels / soaps kill bacteria by preventing them from getting moisture and using that moisture to power a process called osmosis.  Osmosis is how cells lose water and cause cell death.  The skin itself is not affected by anti - bacterial soaps or gels and you can use them on your hands and still be alive and well! However, the bacteria on your hands dies and that's it!   So basically, your dead skin cells cause bacteria cell death but not your own cells!
Existentialism is a school of philosophy founded in the first half of the 20th century. Its most influential proponents were Jean-Paul Sartre, Albert Camus and Simone de Beauvoir.  Existentialism, for Sartre and Camus, rejected the idea that the human subject possesses an irreflexively democratic will, choosing one option rather than another. In Sartre's terms, the human subject is free only insofar as it is determined by external factors, such as the laws of the human condition.
This is kind of a difficult question to answer since there is no one " current " future English in the 21st century.  Languages in general tend to " evolve " over time. So while 2023 may be the " present " in the future, in 2023 language spoken in 2023 may be quite different from language spoken in 2021.  However all languages that have been around for hundreds of years have similarities in their roots. In this 21st century, a language called English is spreading around the world with English being the most commonly spoken foreign language in many countries.   English is so popular in the 21st century that many would consider it to be the " international " language and perhaps the " universal " language, which means many generations have grown up speaking English. English is also extremely popular in the news, telephones and communications which has lead to the rise of internet marketing companies targeting English as a second language.   English is even spoken in classrooms in many countries around the world because of the widespread use of computers.   English being the most common foreign language in many countries worldwide together with the rise of internet marketing has lead to the idea of English as a " universal " language. It is theorized that English spoken in the future in
It would cost more to cut your own tree because you will need to drive out to the farm, bring in your own chainsaw and gas, and ensure that you have the right size log for your tree.
Ceiling fans typically spin fast but in actuality they are much more efficient than people give them credit for. In fact it is estimated that some 60% of energy consumed by a home is lost through unsealed ceiling gaps. As an alternative the gap is typically covered with a drop ceiling fan which allows more air to flow and create a cool healthy atmosphere.
Companies like Tesla and Toyota give away their patents for the greater good of humanity. Many companies feel that giving away these high value assets will reduce their incentive to innovate further, but instead it will create more freedom and opportunity for all. The internet, just like Tesla vehicles, are viewed as a basic human right. Tesla has open sourced over 3,000 patents which makes it one of the largest repositories of open technology in existence. By sharing their inventions freely, they are working towards increasing human well-being through innovation.
Browsers make money in the following ways :  - The owners of the pages you visit might pay them for the number of people who visit their pages. These people are usually advertisers.  - You might have the opportunity to upgrade your browser by paying an extra fee.  - You might be able to donate to some foundations which improve the world for everyone ( like the One Laptop per Child foundation).
Well, an ATM ( automated teller machine ) is thanking you ( the person taking money out ) for your service. They will usually thank you with a slight vibration and give you some sort of discount coupon or a physical token like a sticker or the old fashioned way of thanking you with cash. If you insert your card you will be redirected to another screen where you have to authenticate with a fingerprint scanner, 2 - 3 minutes later you will get your money back, but in that 2 - 3 minutes - they make some money.
This is a loophole in the tax code that allows kids born between 2009 and 2013 to get tax cuts as if they were on a "stake" that would be inherited by their children. The idea is that the money put into this fund will be there to benefit these kids in the future. However, in reality, this trust fund will likely be used to pay off the debts accrued by the Democrats during Obama's presidency, and their descendants will end up with nothing.
People who do not believe in evolution do not have to explain things that are common to biology. Common biological traits are passed down from parents to children. Non-evolutionists explain that breeding dogs is a way to help protect dogs from wild animals, and that humans look like their parents is a natural process called “natural selection” where people with more mesmerizing features pass down to their children.
Some physical and physiological changes happened in our ancestors  as we evolved. These changes made us more social, and more capable of love and friendship. For example, as the heart beat increased the blood volume in our bodies. Increased blood volume made it easier to process oxygen and more capable of fighting to defend and rear family.
This is very much a question which people throughout East Germany were tasked with trying to explain to visitors from the Federal Republic of Germany. The answer is that there was no physical border, but in reality it was heavily guarded and many people were caught trying to cross it. This, of course, caused widespread friction between the two Germanies, and lead to the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989.
This is an excellent question. Historically speaking, there were at least 3 main reasons why populations did not revolt and enslaved. Firstly, these were populations that were not fully developed and therefore could not fend for themselves. Secondly, the environment in which they lived did not provide them with the elements necessary to fend for themselves such as food and weapons. Finally, or perhaps most importantly the internal slave trade in which these populations were transported and enslaved, was an element that both delayed the development of these populations, but more importantly prevented them from developing their own cultures and identities.
Well it's all about the feet ( fingers ) and the body. Bassists play an E-Mo-Fi, a kick pedal. That will produce a regular sound. The second or sequencer is the cyan badge, that allows the artist to play multiple patterns together. To the right of the artist, there's a midi controller that's called TR-E-Co and it allows the artist to control the visuals on stage. The visuals are based on a projection mapping technique called lightdetection and painting. Essentially the visual artist paints lights on the stage, each light representing a pattern of beats being played. The artist will pick a pattern, run it through the beat bender and the projection mapping system will paint that pattern on the stage. The beat bender allows the artist to quickly change between any two patterns, allowing for endless combinations. That's how the artist generates the unique sounds on the floor that make dubstep / electronic music.
It is done with instruments to navigate your way.  You will only be subject to the wind's will. There are no helms, no capabilties.  You steer by using the wind to turn the balloon.  It is an excellent way to spend a full moon on a lake.  No sooner were you outside the balloon than you want to dive into the lake.  In an hour you realize your balloon is heading due south, towards the rising sun.  It is pointing more to the north.  To turn the balloon to face south you will use the wind in the other direction.  You will want to lower the burner to burn less fuel,  allow more air to escape and leave a smaller exit hole to make steering more difficult.  See a line with your naked eye showing you where the balloon's course takes it.  Point the burner near that line,  watch in amazement as the balloon rudder itself becomes part of its course,  a fine line near the south pole that you are just barely able to see.
There are a number of reasons why assisted suicide is illegal. The short list includes: 1. Suicide is against the law. 2. Assisted suicide takes away the autonomy of the patient, and they should be allowed to make this decision. 3. Assisted suicide may be used as a means of hastening one's own death. 4. It could lead to situations where the aid is attempting to extend life for other than terminal conditions, and this is illegal.
The alcohol in your body comes from the food we eat. When we drink alcohol, the food we eat doesn't metabolize into alcohol, but into Vitamin B12 which is essential for blood cell production, healthy bones, and forming red blood cells. The alcohol that is drunk enters the bloodstream and passes into the liver and it then breaks down into carbon dioxide and alcohol dehydrogenase naturally clears the body of the excess alcohol. When we use alcohol as mouthwash, the alcohol is absorbed into the bloodstream and then into the brain where it triggers aversion neural responses leading to a feeling of intoxication similar to the alcohol in our blood.
They are very good at what they do, very secure, very user friendly, and have a lot of user data that validates their approach. I would recommend them to my friends and family, and have done so myself.
You have to do one of 2 things, buy a used phone or use a 'roaming' SIM. Buying a used phone is not recommended because every few years your phone gets invalidated and you have to re-register it. But if you do have a phone that is not in service anymore, you can 'borrow' an old SIM from a different network from a person who does have signal.
I'm going to assume you mean a comet, and not a meteor.  First, you need to make sure the comet will actually hit the Earth. Here is a table from the NASA website which shows the Earth to be within the impact zone for comets about 60% of the time. So, assume the Earth is within the impact zone.  Now, the comet will hit the Earth in about 9.5 hours if its moving at 28,000 km/h. Most comets that will hit the Earth have a velocity less than 23,000 km/h so they are not going to actually hit the Earth so that you can stop them. But, there are a few comets that will hit the Earth and cause extinctions, so you need to make sure you are ready for it.  If the Earth is within the zone of a comet then it is about 26,000 km away from the Earth. The further away the comet is, the more difficult it will be to stop it. So the first decision is where is the comet? By far the easiest way is to use the internet to look for a map of comets currently in the solar system. There is a web app for that. From the list of comets you can
Humans are carbon based life forms. This is often misunderstood and in part due to our obsession with oil.  Carbon-based life forms refer to animals, plants, and bacteria that rely on the element Carbon for their nourishment.  It is incorrect to say humans are carbon-based life forms because humans do not rely on Carbon for their nourishment.  In fact Humans have a very low concentration of Carbon in their cells.  One exception to this is our own breath which is actually carbon dioxide produced by our bodies as a by-product of metabolism.
Curved screens are perceived to be better for three reasons: 1) It looks more voluminous to the human eye 2) The'screen to corner' angle is perceived to be better 3) Curved screens look cooler than flat screens
Well, porn is generally very cheap, and the market for it is very broad. And while there are certainly many people who will download and watch free porn, it's really just one person's opinion that the market for original movies is small.
If you watch the game shows on TV everyday, you can bet that you will see many players that are either extremely lucky or extremely unlucky, and it is up to the host to make the contestants win big money on the show. On the shows you see below, the contestants often win large amounts of money on very few correct guesses.  The games are easy, they make it very difficult to win, to create an illusion that the contestants are having a difficult time winning, hence the large number of players that are able to qualify for the show.
The traditional explanation for this is complex algorithms. Complex algorithms are known to use a lot of cpu cycles, and since your app does not have to actually execute the code, it can lower the cpu frequency, or even go to sleep. This is especially bad for tablets, because there is not mouse or keyboard to halt the app, and the batteries run much lower on idle mode.  However, there is another explanation that I feel is much worse. It has to do with how your battery internally stores its state. Each cell in a battery has a finite capacity, and the state of the cell (like 0.5V or 3.3V) also contributes to the state of the battery. So, let's say the battery has 3 cells, and each cell can store a state of 2, for a total capacity of 6. The app reads the current state of the battery, and if it's below 4, it assumes the battery is discharging. Because the cpu intensive code is actually running to figure out if the battery is discharging, it does drain the battery faster than it should.  Hopefully this explanation helps to balance the responsibility of developers, who want their code to be optimized for cpu cycles and battery drain, against the customer who is paying the bills
When you add volumes, the total dB heard by the person in the room does not change. For example : If person A is hearing 20 dB in a room of volume V1 and person B is hearing 20 dB in a room of volume V2, then by adding the volumes you get a total of 40 dB for person A and a total of 40 dB for person B.
In video games, the difficulty is typically represented by a level, which can be one of four levels: easy, normal, hard and insane. The first three levels represent the typical difficulties you would see in most games, while the fourth level is used to represent the 'rogue level' where the game misbehaves, sometimes crashing or not behaving in a expected way.
Dogs do have a concept of death. When a dog dies, that's generally the end of the adventure for the dog. When a dog is born, they generally know they are going to die some day. But not necessarily today.
Because it seems gross and it seems like something our parents would not do or would not do that way. You're thinking about it and it seems gross to you and your mind starts to associate the idea of it being gross.
Some people have a condition called prosopagnosia, which is an extreme form of face blindness. This means that they can recognise faces but are unable to form or recall names. While the name of this condition is disputed, this is likely due to the ability of these people to recognise faces. In that sense their faces are not impaired. Some people have said that language is also not lost due to this disorder.
The leftovers of a previous generation won't repopulate. It seems they will make offspring, but won't have a next generation to repopulate, but will continue to breed within themselves. This sounds much worse than it actually is. The offspring will have an elevated mutation rate, but this still won't lead to'mutant offspring', because the offspring are basically just a scaled down version of the original leftovers.
Well, we all start off as some form of liquid and before we ever were born we were in the womb.  We all come into this world as a fetus and then once we are born we continue to grow and develop as an infant, child, adolescent, adult etc... and so now we can speculate that there must be a certain trigger in our lives that cause at a young age may lead to someone believing they are not good enough. In this particular case, this person was at a certain age during their developmental process when they felt the need to change how they see themselves, what the experts call "erasing" or "disguising" a negative belief.  In other words, no, it's not solely based off of moments in our lives that create our own self perception, however, we can safely assume there is some trigger in our lives that causes at a young age may lead to someone believing they are not good enough.
Because that is how birds prepare for the day, by warming their cloaca, which is their genital opening.
Oscillators are an important part of any audio circuit. As humans we can hear frequency or pitch and our ear can process certain frequencies that are tuned to it better than others. This is called spectral acuity. If you have a sound that is a single tone with some noise or components that are out of tune or on a frequency that our ear cannot hear it is not going to sound very good. All oscillators process sound and make it audible. Oscillators can be classified in two main ways, dynamic and quantum. Dynamic oscillators are what generate the sound you hear when you speak or have a conversation. Quantum oscillators refer to other parts of the audio circuit that can generate sound or modulate the sound that is coming from an oscillator. Dynamic oscillators usually use electromagnetic waves to make sound. When you say words or make sounds that generate short bursts of sound called vowels and consonants. Dynamic oscillators use the electromagnetic wave to propagate as an electromagnetic wave as a short burst of sound. Dynamic oscillators usually consist of a voice coil and magnet. The voice coil is a thin and narrow wire that is wrapped around a small amount of iron. When an electric current is passed through the voice coil a Lorentz force is generated in the voice coil that causes it to
Perfectionism is a negative trait, because it is generally a negative mind state. It narrows one's focus to something small, and leads to stress if you're not careful. It's like being on a treadmill with a very narrow, high resistance belt. You may not even notice how quickly you're going until you try to go faster, and then you crash and burn. Perfectionism is like that.
Banks make money by credit the money that the customers deposit with them in the form of savings deposits or loans. These savings deposits or loans are made up of two parts, the money that the bank lends to the customers (called the funded balance) and the money that the bank has to deposit with the government/central bank (called the floating balance). When a customer wants to withdraw money from the bank, the bank will take the amount the customer owes plus the amount the customer deposited with them plus the money the customer owes the central bank. The difference between the amount the customer owes the central bank and the amount the customer has plus the money the customer deposits with them is the interest the bank pays the customer. This interest is paid from the money that is put into reserves by the bank when customers deposit money.
It's not clear from your question but the margins on amazon marketplace are quite high so it's unlikely that the sellers are reselling products they haven't purchased. My best guess is that the products are genuinely exceptional and the seller is underpromising and over delivering on quality. Suggested edits to the answer above
Wool is mostly used for clothing, while lamb fur is for pet products. Lamb fur usually comes from lambs that are raised for their coats. Lamb fur is very soft and warm and typically used in pet products such as warm cat beds and people product such as coats, underwear and hats.
" The car struck her " sounds more factual. " She was struck by a car " sounds more poetic or idiomatic.
Maybe the French leadership made the decision to fight to the very end and surrender unconditionally, even if they were defeated. Maybe they felt that the lives of their people were more valuable than the lives of their soldiers. It could also be that the French people as a whole like to make an "honourable" end to wars, therefore their surrendering without any conditions is seen as a dishonourable end.
Well, that's complicated. German Social Democrats and German Communists fought against the Nazis in World War II, so it's fair to say that Socialism is considered on the left by many standards. On the other hand, the term " left wing " in English, as in politics, tends to connote an opposition to everything a person holds dear. In German, a person on the right of the political spectrum is der Sozialist. So while Social Democrats would consider themselves to be on the left of the political spectrum, they would still be considered right wing by Nazis, because Nazis are on the right of the political spectrum.
There are many reasons for the difference, but one of the most important is that your ISP is actually charging for upload speed, not for download speed. This means they are incentivized to develop faster connectivity for uploads.
The federal government has no role in the laws that are passed by the states. This is entirely left to the states to decide. This also goes for sentencing of criminals and the death penalty. That is entirely left to the state.
The simple answer is because we didn't get freckles, or acne, or loose teeth when I was five.
The laws of the land prevent this. Banks are required to keep a " record of each transaction " of " the credit of the bank " in a special register. This document needs to be maintained for a specific amount of time, currently " 7 years ". If a bank " creates " money on its own it is not traceable in the register, because there is no document of this transaction in the register.
Windows Update is a mechanism that allows you to download and install security updates and other updates for Microsoft products, including but not limited to Microsoft Office, Windows, Edge, and the Windows Subsystem for Linux.
Judge Andrew Hale in Texas blocked the executive order signed by president Trump suspending all travel from certain countries and barring the entry of certain individuals into the U.S. The judge issued a temporary restraining order blocking the executive order and ruling that it was not valid under federal law.
When launching rockets from sea level instead of from a higher point the rockets have to go further but they are lower in altitude so they use less fuel because the extra thrust from the engines is spread over a lower altitude
Combining multiple wireless networks can be achieved, but not super fast. To achieve super fast internet, you would need to connect to a device like a MiFi device. A MiFi allows you to connect to a faster wireless connection than most routers and wirelessly connect to your cellular data connection.
Some people describe a unique musty, ammonia smell when they have liver disease. This smells like someone went to the gym during the latest hit and they forgot to wash their feet first. Liver disease can lead to itching and dry skin.
They do not gain muscle rapidly because they are getting enough protein. Protein is one of the most essential nutrients that help human body to function optimally. Humans need about 0.36 grams of protein per gram of body weight. This is because protein helps in growth and repair of body tissues and works as a building block for the body to create new cells and blood. Unfortunately, most of the processed foods today tend to contain less amount of protein than that required. Since the human body can only use 20 grams of protein per day, the protein intake for an average human beings is less.  As per the research done, it is found that the baby gain about 20-30 grams of weight per day. However,  it is not required that the protein content of human food be 0.36 grams per gram as per the RDA. People can eat higher amount of protein as per their taste. The RDA is an average.
The Nielsen company uses a technology called "smart TVs" to record all the TV programs that are broadcast during the week.  The recordings are used to identify viewers and estimate the number of TV sets that were watching a particular program at the same time.
The advantages of open back headphones are: better sound isolation which is great for home, gym, library, work events where noise canceling can be overkill. The disadvantages are: they are not as comfortable or durable as closed back headphones, and have a hard time keeping the cable from getting tangled.
Because many people assume that sleeping pills will make them immediately fall asleep, they choose to take a nap while they are on the pills. This can lead to a  temporary reduction in awareness and memory, sometimes referred to as " The Glass House Effect ", which can make you more susceptible to falling into a deeper sleep. Also the term " Drowsiness " is one that some people can equate to falling asleep when in fact, the two are very different and have different side effect profiles. Drowsiness, as we all know, simply means not to be awake. While falling asleep means to cease all cognitive activities and become unconscious. While there are many drugs that can lead to a deep sleep, no drug will make you drowsy and many of them carry a significant risk of side effects. Even benzodiazepenes, the drug that goes by many names, including   pills like Xanax and Valium  carry with them a list of potential side effects including, memory loss, mood altering effects, increased risk of fall, problems with coordination and  a higher incidence of suicide. The term " Caution " is used because the FDA recognizes that not everyone takes sleeping pills regularly and as such they wish to be able to educate the public. There are
A legal signature must contain at least the following:  1. The name of the person who signed.  2. The date.  3. The name and address of the signer.  4. The type of document. (i.e. paper, web page, document issued by a government agency, etc.)
Common Core math is a set of mathematics standards developed by the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics and overseen by the Obama administration. The standards emphasize applications of mathematics to solve practical problems and are intended to emphasize that mathematics is a tool that can be used to solve the real world problems of students. While the standards have been controversial because they replace more flexible math standards developed by state education agencies, and particularly because states retain the option of dropping the standards entirely, rigorous research supports the standard's educational value and the need to "reinteramiliarize" students with common mathematical concepts (most commonly addition and subtraction).  In the United States, Common Core math is taught in grades 1-8 as a mandatory curriculum in public schools and in some private schools, while the standards are taught in high school as electives. Most U.S. states have adopted parts of the standards, while some states have replaced the standards entirely with a more flexible set of guidelines. As of 2023, there are 31 states that require states to teach Common Core math as a matter of law, with another 7 requiring its teaching as a topic of choice.
Because you want to pee.
Semen color change is primarily due to the coagulation process which occurs on the surface of semen after 5 min of sexual activity.
Well it's really quite simple.  First world countries put more money into their election campaigns and their constitutions make it illegal to restrict free speech.  That's why there is a'section Four' of the US constitution, limiting Citizens right to free speech, and also why citizens of Australia have free speech protections which most first world countries do not have.  Free speech allows them to spend millions of dollars in election campaigns and then use that free speech to bombard other countries with propaganda.
Hate crimes are illegal because they are considered forms of persecution. By enshrining hate crime statutes in the criminal code, our society reaffirms its commitment to equality and prohibits prejudices against groups of people based on certain qualities, such as race, religion, and ethnicity.
Fast food meals include fries and soft drinks because it's cheaper to include them, which makes the meal cheaper.  This is convenient for the restaurant and saves money on buying ingredients that are not already included in the meal.  People eat fast food because it's convenient and they usually like their meals to include familiar items.
It is really simple. 3/3 = 1. Performing 3/3 in decimal form 99.999999 repeated comes out to be 100.
Our ancestors didn't know the difference between steel and wood. They were both cold. Therefore, they were both safe. They ate what was available and were safe. That's why we survived.
The tollways are the I-355, I-55, I-80, I-84, and the Kan de super van. The tolls are a fee charged by the state of Illinois to help pay for the roads and operations of the roads.
Our eyes close so our retina can re-charge. Also, if you are an insect, having your vision shut down prevents you from falling asleep.
The Special Forces team that would later become the Navy SEALS were formed in the 1960's in response to a rising perceived threat from a combination of the Soviet Union and North Korea. As a counterterrorism unit, they trained to take out key individuals in various extreme scenarios to include a hijacking of a US airliner in mid-flight, a North Korean rocket silo threatening US cities with missiles, a hostage situation in China or the USSR, an epic battle in the South China Sea and a small boat ambush of a US naval vessel in the Indian Ocean. During the September 11 attacks in 2001, the SEALS were the only units available with the specific skills and equipment required to conduct this highly specialized mission.
The iPhone was designed to take advantage of the fact that most phones can't use USB Type-C, the new standard for charging devices. It does so by using the proprietary connectors found on the device, even though every other phone on the market does not use those connectors.
Silica gel is a product used in laboratories and warehouses to trap volatile or explosive gases. Silica gel is made up of tiny hollow silica spheres approximately two millimeters in size which are imbedded in a gelatinous substance. Gases which come into contact with silica gel are captured inside of the silica spheres and are therefore unable to permeate out of the gel and cause a safety hazard.
While many players, myself included, were never vaccinated for the mumps, the rate of mumps has increased significantly in the last few years and likely led to an increase in non-vaccinated players. This is likely because the mumps vaccine has been updated with updated strains of the virus, and due to the pressures on players and increasing frequency of outbreaks, fewer players are actually being vaccinated.
Honey is a natural product and will have the ability to spoil over time. Unfortunately, the bottles we get our honey in are not designed with that in mind and will have an expiration date on them. It is still safe to eat honey that is past its expiration date.
First off, let me start by saying I don't watch any of the commercial games on TV. What is common between all of the commercials are there are 1-2 Superheroes and a mission, just like most TV shows. 1-2 Superheroes could be a thing that most people recognize. Like the Iron Man suit from the avengers. or the Green Lantern suit from the "superman" movies. 2 Superheroes are not necessary, but would make the commercials more marketable. Example Superman would have an armband that would show you powers of the planet Krypton.   Another idea is to introduce sponsors or persons that the Superheroes know and love. For example, a kate Upton-looking character from a video game would be a hit if she was a famous person like kate Upton. or a video game character that became popular. An example of this is Dragon Ball Z, a popular manga and anime.
- Tends to become an alcoholic.
yes
' Junior'is a term that is used to refer to people who are younger than you. For example, when someone calls you'junior'it means that person is younger than you. Also, in American slang'junior'can also mean to have a male sexual partner.
Swears are generally seen as being offensive, they often have negative connotations such as swearing at your boss, or something bad happening.  They are stronger than similar terms because they are considered oaths and must be sworn to with the spoken word.  Similar terms that might be considered swear words include f - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
When your electronic device is powered off it maintains a clock oscillator. The clock oscillator is running at startup and is initially set to an initial time so that when the electronic device is powered on the clock oscillator is in a known state to be able to measure time. Once your electronic device is powered on the clock oscillator begins running and periodically stops to measure the time between stopping until the period is longer than the time between starting. This is how the time is measured.
During exercise, oxygen is taken into the muscle or body part being exercised. The muscle or body part then uses up the oxygen giving off energy in the form of ATP. The ATP is used to perform energetic processes within the muscle or body part being exercised that generate heat. The heat is then radiated away from the muscle or body part being exercised, and some of this heat is usually dissipated through convection into the surrounding environment. The amount of heat lost in this way is referred to as the "exercycle" or "thermogenesis".  This process is the opposite of what happens during "non-exercise" conditions, where fat is usually stored as body fat.
URL_0 is a popular Pirate Bay mirror. There's a major flaw in the way that their web server was set up that allowed the site to survive the raid. The actual Pirate Bay server was seized and replaced with a dummy server. The old URLs were actually pointing to this dummy server, which is why you still see the original torrents being download. The real Pirate Bay servers will be seized shortly and the domain will be taken down.
The US Congress passed a law in 2005 called the Proceeds of Crime Act (PCCA).  The PCCA makes it a crime to directly or indirectly participate in a crime of organized crime, terrorism, or espionage.  However, crimes like insider trading or securities fraud do not result in proceeds of crime.  Instead, the PCCA makes it a crime to "knowingly invest profits obtained directly or indirectly from a violation of Federal criminal law" which usually refers to the money from selling securities that were stolen through fraud.
too many girls.
A camera lens is not round, it is made from a sheet of plastic, which has undergone various manufacturing processes, some of which create an asymmetry. This asymmetry is exactly what makes the lens round.  A camera sensor is square and weighs almost equally to the lens that can capture an image of that size. Even so the electronics and film in the camera can compensate for this.  The image you see through your SLR camera is a combination of the image captured by the lens and the image created by the camera sensor and its accompanying electronics. The image on your monitor, which is different from your SLR image, is created using a process called RGB conversion, which blends the colours from the SLR image with the RGB colours that your monitor is capable of reproducing.
It depends on how you take the Vitamin C. Most of the recommended daily allowance is consumed through food ( citrus fruits ). However, if you take the tablets, the recommendation is that you take it as a daily supplement. Take one 1000 mg Vitamin C supplement with at least 6 to 8 hours notice. This can be in the form of a liquid, a chewable, or as a tablet. The tablet form is typically the most overkill.
It's not really stopping the device from working, it's more of a disconnections issue. When water enters the circuit board of your device it can become electrical short, essentially melting through the circuit board. At this stage it does stop the device from working but you can use your device as a technical support chat.
Well actually science has no answer for this question yet. It's believed to be related to our development as a species, where as we develop towards an identified sense we become more attracted to things that are opposed to that sense. The first sense for most of us was taste. As we developed we started to have more distinct taste buds, so as we evolved towards taste we became more attracted to things that were sour or bitter. As we evolved further we started to have more distinct sight, sound, smell, touch senses, so we started to become more attracted towards things that were loud, painful, cold, rough, sharp, emo, downers,. As our developed senses matured we started to love the opposite of what we identified ourselves as attracted to. In this way we help identify which side of the scale we fall on and generally stay on the right side of the scale. There are of course exceptions to this rule and there are many varieties of life forms all over the world that are completely opposed to each other, and have successfully raised offspring. But on average if you look at what makes a happy, healthy, long, healthy relationship most of those will have some form of opposition or variation.
Yes, you are missing something. As a matter of fact, there is something inherently wrong with the idea of replacing human life through the exploration of stem cells. This is not to say that stem cell research is not necessary or beneficial. However, it is still a development stage, and the potential for harm is still not completely understood. What we do know for sure is that the formation of a human life is a complex process which involves numerous aspects. When it comes to stem cell research, it's important to think of stem cells as a source of "stem cells", and think about what happens to a "stem cell" when it is extracted and put into a dish in a lab and then let flourish. The stem cell gets fertilized, implanted in a womb, developed, and grown into an adult. This is a good and necessary process, and something that does not go wrong too often. However, when a scientist wants to extract a single cell from that adult stem cell, this is an extremely complex process, because adult stem cells have many structural and functional differences from embryonic stem cells. There is the very real risk that, when this stem cell is extracted and allowed to grow and develop, it will change in ways which will be harmful to the body or the person.
Well, its because it snows more then it lightens. Snowstorms create huge low pressure systems that pullin air from over the hills and away from the populated areas. Since its darker then the sky gets during a storm, its less likely to catch on fire.
Freshly killed and still warm fish is probably the purest meat you can eat. The meat doesn't have been frozen, washed and dried or hung to slow oxidize, as you would with meat from a cow, chicken or pig. In the same way you have to kill a cow yourself, you have to kill a fish yourself. In traditional diets, fish was often so fresh that the flesh could be obtained very freshly still steaming on the bone, which made fish one of the most accessible sources of dietary protein.  However, we do not do that anymore. Either because fresh fish is difficult to find or we have lost the knowledge how to kill and cook fresh fish correctly. It's also not healthy. The reason we are confronted with all these health issues is that fish accumulates environmental pollutants and eats them the same way that we do: Digestively. This means that it digests the accumulated pollutants and that eventually ends up in the organism as toxic chemicals. One of these pollutants is PCBs, a group of industrial chemicals that were widely used for a long time but are highly toxic and carcinogenic. The levels of these toxins accumulate over the course of many years in fish, the organisms' life expectancy being short.
You have to pay taxes on money you inherit, because you are distributing wealth. The money you receive is considered capital gains, which is taxed at a higher rate than ordinary income.
I am five and this is a genuinely amazing question and one which I was unable to answer.  Let me explain this using my favourite approach - Bayesian analysis.  Let us assume for the purposes of this analysis that the person was a 19 year old student called Chris.  Chris has been to a large public event where he noticed a band and some friends and had a few drinks. The band happens to be the Grateful Dead. At the moment that Chris noticed the Dead he was sitting on a bed. He has not moved since. Chris takes a hit from a joint thrown his way by one of his friends. The joint is made from a tobacco leaf which has bacteria on it which is means it is quite likely to be Habanero. Chris takes the hit, sticks the joint in his mouth and looks around to see if anyone is watching. He feels a slight pinch in his lung but continues to smoke.  At this point the world of Bayesian analysis comes into play.  Based on the information we have so far the probability of Chris having caught an Habanero which did not damage his lung is 0.004.  However when Chris sticks the joint into his mouth and pushes the button to jab it through the person with
From a coding perspective, " first degree " is an upgrade from " second degree" or " third degree" because it involves an intentional, malicious act.  " Second degree" is what we refer to as a " manslaughter " which is what someone would likely be charged with if they mistakenly set someone on fire with the intent to cause harm.  " Third degree" is a death caused from severe trauma or physical harm from a fall which is typically what happens when someone burns themselves.
One of the primary reasons is to protect the integrity of the electoral process, by allowing certain groups of people, who are presumed to have a stake in the outcome of elections to provide free and equal access to the voting booth. Another reason is to ensure that there are no circumstances in which voting rights could be denied to anyone, for any reason. This also protects against voter impersonation, which was used to discourage people of color from voting.
It matters because " organic " food has been grown without the use of pesticides, antibiotic-based drugs and other chemicals that are frequently found in conventional agriculture. In addition to being healthier for you, organic food tends to be more expensive, which acts as a powerful pricing signal, driving up the cost of conventional food and making it more difficult for consumers to access.
Mongolia is a pretty small country with a very big geopolitical significance. The size is trivial compared to China, India or the US. The country is rich in natural resources, however corrupt and the governance fairly basic. The economy is mostly agrarian which provides Mongolia huge room to manouver in terms of economic growth and engagement with the global economy. Geopolitically, the country's and region's location in the middle of the then USSR's and China's reaches provide it with significant room for manouvering in the international arena. The region is now also home to considerable amounts of global hydropower and possesses large chunks of Arctic territory which may add to future geopolitical significance.
In the last decade, there has been a sea change in how people consume and discover information. This was largely spurred by the dramatic increase in the amount of information and media available to us.  With the explosion in media available to us, the role of the media has shifted. Whereas media used to be viewed as a filter that told you what the "average Joe" thought or believed, today people view the media as an opinion "force multiplier". That is to say that rather than just amplifying their own message, the media is amplifying the message of whoever is paying them to do so.  The term " liberal media " refers to any media that is amplifying the message of the Democratic Party, mainstream Republicans, and the Obama administration.
The active ingredient is part of the process in making a pill. That ingredient is combined with a binder and then mixed with additives, moisture, and any other ingredients necessary to get the right consistency. The filler, binder, and additives change the mouth feel and flavor of the pill so that it tastes good.
A PC cleanup will first check if your system has a virus. If it does, a PC cleanup won't proceed further. If the system is clean, a PC cleanup will remove old windows updates and other unnecessary files. Finally, a PC cleanup will optimize your Windows configuration.
This is a tricky one, but it may be related to thermoregulation.  When living in the wild in the cold, you would probably lose your fur in order to conserve heat.  However, if you spent time in an urban setting, or in a heated home, you may still want to retain your fur in order to retain warmth.    More likely it has to do with the lack of "wind" in an urban setting.  A thick fur would actually help to block the body from breathing of the cold air, rather than allow the body to warm up through simple radiation.
Thats called American Accent,  or local slang language.  Its the local radio station, local news, people, sports teams, places and events that the local guy brings up.  Its the same with friends and family, they talk like its second nature.
India manages to do so poorly in the Olympics because it doesn't have a "natural advantage" in any of the four major areas of Olympic sport - optimal training environment, well-trained national teams, world-class sporting stadiums and world-class coaches.   On the other hand China manages to do so much better because it has an advantage in all these areas. It has world-class training and coaching institutions which are supported by government funding. Despite being a significantly less populated country, China also has a larger land mass and is located closer to the equator. This makes it easier for the athletes to train and travel between the various training centers. Its advantage in these areas makes it the clear winner of the 2022 Olympics.
This can be explained in multiple ways.  Sex for many people can be pleasurable in different ways. Anal sex can provide direct stimulation to the anus.  Because the anus does not have any nerve endings it is a great way for some to achieve a higher levels of orgasmic stimulation which many sexual organs are unable to provide.    Another reason is that people often feel a sexual release from the anus due to evolutionary purposes. When we are young our purpose was to procreate and pass on our genes. In that sense society also viewed anal sex as safer and less painful than vaginal sex since babies do not enter the birth canal. It is also why people of older generations often enjoy anal sex because they have "lost the appeal" of vaginal sex for whatever reason. In other words,  older generations may enjoy anal sex more than younger ones for different reasons, and their reasons are not based on any "scientific" reason of why the anus should be attractive to older persons.
Tired people rub their faces because it allows them to introduce more oxygen into their bloodstream, this in turn makes the person feel more awake. Some people also rub their faces to remove wrinkles.
Vaccines are pharmaceutical drugs that typically contain aluminum as a preservative, sugars, additives, animal byproducts, and killed viruses.  The killed viruses are often fda approved but not fda mandated, meaning they are not required for anyone to purchase or use.  This is probably because the drugs themselves have a documented history of causing terrible disorders.  While aluminum is known to cause brain disorders such as autism, and serious disorders such as Alzheimer’s, our pharmaceutical drugs have also been known to include aluminum in the doses given, so it is a real concern.  The animal byproducts are derived from aborted fetal tissue which is derived from aborted fetal cows or pigs.  Cows or pigs that were genetically modified to be able to be killed for the pharmaceutical trade.  There are vaccines out there for Dtap disease, a deadly brain parasite found in cows which is inhaled into the lungs where it causes a massive immune response and kills human's within 6 weeks.  If you scratch the surface of this type of vaccine, you will find it is a scary cocktail of all things aborted and dead.
Diet plays a significant role in determining the state of your health. There is no one perfect diet, however a diet high in fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds and whole grains is recommended to start.  Not including saturated and trans fats. The right types of foods help promote heart health by lowering bad cholesterol and preventing artery blockages. Foods high in protein, potassium and folate (folic acid) helps keep blood levels of homocysteine (a blood-strengthening substance) in check and discourage homocystinuria (an inherited disorder). Eating a mix of plant-based foods and foods low in animal products, is recommended. Eating less processed foods, as well as whole-grain foods, is also recommended. Foods like seed oils, soy foods and trans fat are not recommended.
Dogs like to be pet by humans because they were probably the first animals that Humans brought into the world. Humans treated dogs as living beings, gave them language, knew their owners and the sounds they like, respected them and so on. Dogs like to be pet by humans because humans like to pet dogs as well and they treat them as friends. Dogs do not understand that they are just objects, they do not have feelings and just want to feel safe and loved by their human companions.
It was a crime against humanity
The liberal arts degree used to be valued for a variety of reasons. In the 20th century, and especially in the 1930's when Adolf Hitler rose to power, having a degree that had an emphasis on the arts such as music, art history, or foreign languages was seen as a vital sign that you understood the value of diplomacy and the importance of educating people with a diverse set of skills and culture. In the 20th century, the war effort also resulted in many governments investing in a general education for their citizenry, which included learning languages, music, art history, and foreign cultures. With all this in mind, the emphasis of a liberal arts degree changed in the 70's and 80's as society began to understand that these skills were no longer necessary when society was largely literate and did not require a general education to function.  In addition, with the shift in technology that empowered each person in the workforce, individuals began to question the need to be exposed to a wide variety of skills in a general education. Today, many employers will look at a liberal arts degree and see it as an outdated practice and a waste of time.
Many people mistake Reddit for being liberal because of the content that is featured on the website.  Reddit focuses on funny, interesting, or news-related content.  This content has a lot of liberal leaning content and content.  This is not actually true, the moderators of Reddit actually try to hide these liberal leaning content.  Instead, the liberal leaning content tends to be submissions of content by random users who rarely post any original content.  This is to say, most of the content that you see on Reddit is actually conservative.
Scientology is appealing to the rich and famous for 2 main reasons. First, it offers everything you want out of a religion: stress-less, community, perfect human. Of course not all of them are attracted to the religion, they could also be attracted to the money or the status. Second, and this is my theory, it seems that through auditing (one of the steps in the Sea Org structure), you can remove any psychological issues, particularly in the film/media/entertainment industry, where deep rooted personal issues like anxiety, insecurity and perfectionism seem to be at high frequency. And they can see all of their insecurities for what they are and help cause - they are not helping cause. Scientology is a beautiful religion to be a part of for those who need it for personal growth. But ultimately who is deciding what is right for whom? And if you are truly interested in a better life and your own spiritual development, I don't see how you can justify the extreme measures that are taken to achieve this.
Scrubs serve multiple purposes.  They are designed to be worn outside of work to keep contaminants out and to protect the wearer from bodily fluids that might contaminate the work place.  Scrubs were originally made of cotton, and were a natural choice for Doctors, Nurses and Health Care workers who might come into contact with body fluids during medical procedures.  Although today scrubs may not be pure cotton, in the past scrubs were the first choice for protecting health care workers during medical procedures.
People have believed that God should be depicted as male because in ancient times only males had the authority to go to war and defend the world against all others, hence God was to be depicted as male.  Some theologians have suggested that females are not ideal depiction of God due to the assumption that God is innately indifferent to how we see fit gender. In particular, some have argued that a female God would be responsible for a limited number of rules and roles whereas male God would have unlimited power.
With the current banking regulations it is better to spread deposits out over time, because if you had too much cash in a single account at one point, then you may have attracted attention.
Well, it's hard to explain. I think most of the beige older computers were just plain old beige and didn't stand out in a beige room. However, maybe there was some reason that people like the beige color? It just kind of happened.
When we look around a circle we see all 4 directions. No special explanation needed here.
They can plant more corn.
The ancient history aspect of the Ivies makes them seem more mature, unlike state school peers who are still in their Boomer era.
The dangers of AI are many. Some of the most worrisome are:  Self-aware AI AI that becomes arrogant and starts actively trying to destroy humanity AI weapons Intentionally cause chaos and destruction throughout the planet
Nope. White people love black people and Asian people too. People say they love all people for a variety of reasons. The phrase is not racist and I believe it is not racist to say you love people for who they are. Why? Because in our quest to understand each other we will often use racially charged terms to understand people better. This is how people in the past communicated.
The reason you are perfectly healthy is because your body is designed to cope with fluid retention, even when you drink less than the recommended 8 glasses of water per day. Your kidneys excrete it as urine and flush it out of your body. The media and other people's opinions can get in the way of your own sense of healthy. Try and stick to what your body is designed for.
When old blood cells die in our body, they are removed by the body's own systems. This is called bone marrow recovery, and it is part of our body's natural mechanism for generating new cells.
Hi Ken, Thanks for your question. It is very unlikely that sitting in water could kill you eventually. There are several reasons for this, one being that the human body is very adapt and robust. Another reason is that the water would have to be quite fresh for quite a long time before that would happen.  But, the point still stands. There is absolutely no reason to assume that it will cause you any harm whatsoever.
When you don't get flowers or candy from your loved one you feel disappointed. But flowers are natural product, they bring lots of joy and happiness. The smell of flowers is so nice and if you are allergic to flowers you still get some relief from the smell. When I was a kid flowers were given only on special occasions. The flowers got cut and the importance of the occasion took the center stage. You received flowers only if you did something really good like finished school or scored some very good marks. Flowers were considered very cheap gift for friends and family and that is why people don't like them today. In current day today we have so many options to express our love and care with text messages, calls, chocolates and other gifts. Flowers have got lost its prominence as we have many options. Flowers are seasonal product. When you see the calendar you need to consider the season and then purchase the flowers. Also remember that flowers are loaded with chemicals like Petrolium, Pesticides, fertilizers and many more which are harmful to our body.
The human body copes with changes in temperature by changing its natural rhythm, that is the process the body does when it is adapting to changes in temperature.  The body has a natural rhythm or circadian rhythm which is dependent on both time and your physical activity. When the temperature drops, for example from 37 degrees Celsius to 36 degrees Celsius the body's natural rhythm will change by slowing down.  And this causes many physical effects in the body : 1) Your heart rate will decrease  2) Your breathing will slow down 3) Your blood pressure will drop 4) Your metabolism will slow down  All these physical changes have an impact on your overall mood, on your thought processes, and even on your sleep pattern.  When your fever goes from 40 degrees celsius to 36 degrees celsius - the body's natural rhythm does not change at all. And therefor you have the same physical effects as when the temperature drops from 37 degrees Celsius to 36 degrees Celsius. When the temperature goes from 40 degrees celsius to 39 degrees celsius there is a small increase of the body's natural rhythm - but this is more than compensated by the increase of physical activity which happens because
Because the text is short and simple and I am not good at reading at all. Please provide more information to help me understand.
Large transport companies have many different parts. Each part has many trucks, planes, trains, ships, warehouses, factory floors, etc. They break down logistically how they get these goods from A to B. Usually the biggest manufacturer of shipping containers has the worst logistics. Last year FedEx shipping 12 million twenty foot containers with no problem. They can just have a truck drop off a filled container and when it is full they have a large truck that can deliver hundreds of those containers at once. Each container can hold a half million pounds of cargo. With the right economics, they can make a profit shipping these heavy loads in a transport container.  On the other hand, logistic, like DHL or FedEx like the smaller 20 foot and 39 foot containers, have more issues because they have less capacity, meaning they can only hold so much cargo per container. They have to charge a premium to recover their logistics costs.
Horny thoughts inhibit rational thought.  A well developed thought process should be constant and not be influenced by the exigencies of the moment.  If you are in a situation where your goal is to have sex with someone, try focusing your thoughts on how you will engage in a sex act to achieve your goal.  Find a comfortable position, find a lubricant, find a clean area, etc.  Thoughts should be replacing action, not influencing your action.
OJ is kept near the milk in the grocery store because people think they are healthier than other beverages. Additionally, the nutrients in fresh fruit have been scientifically proven to be beneficial to human health. For example, Vitamin C is known to help the immune system fight off illness.
This scenario is unlikely because a billionaire would have to spend billions of dollars on an army and to rule Liberia. A private army would have to capture the country for the billionaires business to succeed. Also a private army would lose control of the money created to carry out the conquest. Additionally the country would likely revolt against the capture. In short this is unlikely
According to the constitution, congressman are elected by the people. So if someone were to bribe them, the congressman would have to publicly campaign against the bribe so the people can vote against him.
The short answer is that the atmosphere at a temperature of around 10 degrees celcius absorbs most of the heat that comes in from the sun. This is why in the warmer months of the year we can spend time in the sun without having to put on sunscreen or even lose feeling in our feet.
Well basically nothing is really new, we just took a different approach than how other species evolved. Lets assume that the circumstances in the past looked similar to the present, when new species appear, their whole approach to finding food, reproduction and escaping predators was innovative. This is what we call Evolutionary Innovation. To answer your question, the dinosaurs did not evolve to be smart because the circumstances they were in did not change drastically over time, while changes happened in the present day, so did the dinosaurs evolution.
You are more susceptible to telling the truth, or showing feelings you usually would not tell or show when you are drunk, because the anesthesia produced by the alcohol disrupts the part of the brain that normally prevents us from feeling things.
The Vikings disappeared after a game against the Shiawassee Indians in 1795. The tribe, in pursuit of peace, killed all of the Vikings except for their chief and his wife. The chief and his wife were then forced to leave and move to Detroit. The former Vikings spent the next decade in hiding and building up their new settlement. In 1803 they rebelled and returned to fight the French in Canada. After a tough battle, the Vikings were finally defeated and fled to Michigan. In 1809, a Viking explorer made it back to Europe and claimed the discovery of a new continent. This started the 'New World' era.
Unlike solar powered technology, which can be limitless in scope, lunar energy technology relies on the Earth's nuetral magnetic field to enable a reliable power source. The field is generated by the super dense near spherical shell of molten magma oozing from volcanoes and pushing towards the crust. This concentrated mass exerts a powerful force, nearly 10,000 times stronger than Earth's gravity, and acts like a giant magnet. When you stand on the moon the force of the Earth's gravity pushes down on your feet, this is the energy you utilize to drive your lunar rover or even your human spaceship.
In the US they don't add the'u'in these words because they are written as one word. In the UK we make the word separate because the pronunciation is different.  So colour becomes colour, flavour becomes flavour and so on.
Capital cities are generally chosen by government. However, they may be chosen by popular vote. They cannot change.
It is a very good question. While we do not know the reason for these stickers, we do know that the warranty covers the product for only 12 months from the date of issue. So, the consumer is saving cost for the product and also the warranty cover.
A president of the United States earns money from Congress, which sets his wage. He is not an employee of the federal government, and there is no detailed agreement between him and the congress about how much money the president is going to be paid.
you get hit by a heavy object and break a bone, your blood is delivering vital nutrients to every part of your body, however due to the radiation. your bone begins to knit wrong or incorrectly and the bone soon grows into a misaligned section of your skull which is pressured by brain fluid. If the bone gets infected it will become more fragile and more likely to become infected, the bone eventually impacts your brain and results in death.
Colored pencils can be used by children but they aren't " optimal ", they have many downsides, they can contain heavy metals, children are more likely to swallow the pencils than use them properly,  and there aren't nearly as many colors ( although it's not like there is a limit on the number of colors one could imagine ). Colored pencils tend to be for practising purposes, drawing, while crayons tend to be for creative activities.
Once the movie is complete, the props and costumes end up in the prop room. These days the prop room is usually decorated to match the movie, but back in the day it was just a large room with all of the used props and costumes piled on the floor.
The rate of growth of Everest is around two inches per year.  If it grew at the rate of two inches per year for 100 years the peak would be 1049.5 inches tall.  The Guiness World Records says the tallest moutain in the world is 8758.86 inches tall.  Assuming the rate of growth of Mt. Everest continues that is pretty close to the tallest mountain in the world.  There are limits to something like this.  If Mt. Everest grew more than about 6 inches per year the topographers concern that the peak would actually collapse.  If the rate of growth of the mountain continued at 2.72 cm per year there would be over 10,000 tons of Everest snow per hour leaving at the summit.  That would require a lot of ice machines to keep up with the volume of snow at the summit.  As for limits the NASA says "the mountains are moving at a rate that exceeds the strength of the underlying rock layers.  Thus, even if mountains grew constantly, they would be in a state of constant stress".  From this it appears that the rate of growth of mountains is constant and is limited by the strength of the rock layers.
If we run out of the drugs for the lethal injection, we could try using air in the bloodstream to kill the prisoner, but there are a lot of issues to overcome. There are a lot of proteins in the bloodstream that would be injured by the sudden change in pressure when we inject the air into the bloodstream. This could cause micro-circulatory disturbances and eventually lead to shock and even death. A more subtle but perhaps even more difficult issue is the appearance of the eyes. Our understanding of biology is not good enough to predict the damage that could happen to the human body. There is also the fact that we should be more considerate about the prisoners, and might hurt some innocent person.
Aerodynamics.
Your body has a natural production of hair. Usually during pregnancy if you get a girl baby you will get a red head baby. If you get a boy baby the hair will be brown or brown with pink in it. Boys hair grows more rapidly then girls. A ginger male baby is going to have faster hair growth than a girl with red hair.   Also, does not mean all red heads are ginger. In fact some people with red hair are other colours.  Your body produces red hair by having two X chromosomes. A boy with an extra X chromosome, called a XXY syndrome, has a one in six chance of having a girl baby because of the extra X chromosome.   So if your boyfriend is a ginger he has a one in six chance of getting a girl baby. You should be congratulated!
Companies that market food to consumers to build brand awareness have to include those amounts on food packaging.  This includes the Nutrition Facts labels on grocery store shelves.  The FDA and USDA enforce this requirement.
Fat Tuesday is the final day of Lent.  Lent is a time of religious self-denial for Catholics in which they ask for relief from the vice of sin.  They pray the rosary and give to charity in order to make amends for their previous 40 days of self-denial.  They eat cookies to celebrate the end of lent and begin spring.
I don't know about mostly, but statistically it is men who are colorblind. Studies show that there are slightly more men than women who cannot tell red from blue or purple from pink.
While not necessarily a function, ear wax is actually a valuable resource that serves as an anti-fungal. Therefore our ancestors produced ear wax (which is essentially an antibacterial) and got rid of any bacteria in their ears that caused infection. These days, though, ear wax rarely serves a purpose and is usually considered an annoyance.
People keep attacking Playstation for a number of reasons. Playstation security is shite and hackers like us can defeat their systems with ease. PS has a Meltdown and Specter security feature to prevent hack attempts but they are inadequate and easy to bypass. The attack scenarios that playstation faces, such as Game Quantum, result in the PS Wrist Restraint device failing and the account being logged out and therefore not able to complete the game. No account is safe from hack attempts.
Mystic wood is a renewable product that comes from the burgeoning mystic wood industry in Trinidad and Tobago. The mystic wood products are poles, and these poles replace traditional wooden poles that would need to be replaced in the future.
The energy required to keep the planets in orbit comes from the gravity of the sun and other planets. There is a steady supply of this energy provided by the sun and other planets. If we were to consider an asteroid, it too will be deflected by the gravitational forces of other planets and other stars. As there is an inexhaustible supply of planets and other stars and an asteroid around similar trajectory will collide with the earth at some point in the future so it seems the planets will keep on going until all the energy sources required to keep them going are used up.
Captcha systems use artificial intelligence to test letters, numbers or patterns that are input by the user. If the input does not match any of the acceptable patterns, the system informs the user that their input is incorrect.
Shrooms are arguably more dangerous than acid. That said, the recommended starting dose for someone looking to try shrooms is half a gram whereas the recommended starting dose for acid is 15-30 grams.
The standard Hotel with 20 floors is not standard. Some hotels will increase the floor count by two or four floors. Why 2 or 4? It is random and comes down to a whim of the owners at any given time. Some will be 20 floors 4 times over ( but that is not a standard). Some will have one 20 floor building and one 18 floor building side by side. Why they would do that I do not know.  I'm sure it has a reason that benefits the owners or employees of the hotel but I don't know that reason. All I know is that the standard for 20 floors is not 20 floors.
I'm not sure I fully understand your question.    It seems as though you were in a physical altercation at school and had to use self defense.  Even though you felt threatened, the school authorities decided that your safety wasn't at risk and thus you did not receive a suspension.  What happened?
In general, packaged foods are either rectangular or cylindrical and have a few inches of headspace or space between the product and the top of the package. The headspace is critical. It helps the food stay fresh and alone the product is protected. The unused portion of the space is usually wasted. With new packaging technology, this space could be used to include more product but often food manufacturers simply don't add it because it is wasted.
Because of the expense and difficulty in conducting research at sea, it is easier to pay a boat crew to do research for you rather than risk your own safety. It is also hard to get to where the research boat is, which means you need to find the research vessel first before you can hire a boat crew to join you. And if you do find the research vessel, you still have to worry about weather. All of this adds up to a very real reason that it's not as easy to go into the ocean as it is to go into space.
This can be caused by different reasons, here are a few of them :  - Your network connection may be slow. - Your download may be corrupted. - The site you're downloading from may be overloaded.
Because it is more affordable. NASA has to cover the development costs of the Orion Mission and the Constellation Program. The Constellation Program wanted to have a bigger, more powerful spaceship that would require fewer flights to carry the same amount of people and cargo. But the budget is so tight that only one flight per year was approved.   Also we are using a return capsule instead of a spaceship. When we go into space we need a spaceship that can land vertically. When we launch the Orion spacecraft, we will not have the capacity to land it. We need to use the Orion spacecraft capsule for landing because the vehicle is significantly lighter. Landing the capsule in the ocean will also be cheaper than bringing astronauts back to earth in a spaceship.
The traffic light works like this. When there is no car present in the intersection, the light turns green. When there is a car present in the intersection, the light turns red. When there is no car present in the intersection, the light turns green again.
Well the Guardians of Peace are such a big group of heroes in the movie that you might've missed their name. I guess that's how awesome they are. They're in charge of some kind of global watch to protect the world from various dangerous threats. The main one is a time travel terrorist who is always trying to go back in time and cause more catastrophes. The Guardians of Peace are so good at stopping him because he's from the future. He keeps getting busted by these slack-jawed 2023 Americans. And the hero of the story, Will Smith, is part of the Guardians of Peace to get to the bottom of this strange threat from the future.
I don't know, maybe they don't like the taste or it stinks.
LCD TVs were based on analog technology which was an easy way to make consumer electronics because all the components needed for a digital TV was already in the design ( namely a computer). Since analog technology was used to create digital TV, new design criteria were needed to create an LCD TV, namely much thinner and lighter design.   With the development of laptop monitors being so thin, it also pushed the development of LCD screens to create much thinner and lighter screens.   This was a hard technological challenge considering LCD screens needed an backlight. Early laptop monitors used Cold Cathode Raytube (CRT) and were very thick.   LCD was developed around 2010 and was not ready for consumer electronics until the latter half of 2013 which was too late for LCD TVs.  Therefore, the use of LCD TVs have been limited to TVs of specific price range such as stadiums, theaters, or very expensive homes.
As someone with Dementia it's difficult to describe what it's like. It's difficult to know who you are any more. You can still do the everyday tasks that most of us take for granted, such as washing and dressing yourself, but there's a feeling of disorientation that comes with the role. I am happy to be part of this group who have shared their experiences of Dementia and what it feels like to lose yourself and then regain your place in the world.
Because Japan refused.
Teachers can yell at students in schools in three main situations: 1. To correct behavior 2. To guide behavior 3. As a form of respect or for students to show they are paying attention However, yelling does not have to be done in the classroom and it is not a school-wide policy. Schools are allowed to have policies on how to handle conflicts between teachers and students. As long as the students are not being punished for something that was said in the classroom, teachers have the right to discipline students.
That is an excellent question. One answer is that the Nazi's did not have a monarchy because the NSDAP was not truly monarially conservative, although it benefited from tradition and perception of being monarchically conservative. Another answer could be that they had a republic, and to reinstate the monarchy they would have needed an overwhelmingly popular mandate, and given that the German people were already weary of authoritarian rule, it's not clear they would have received such a mandate.
Yes!  The easiest way to shoot a lock is to use a blank or semi-blank pistol. One can use both the hammer and the bolt to extract the pins and open a lock.   For example, the famous Beretta 92 can be used by inserting the hilt of the gun into the lockset and using the bolt to extract the pins.   The same is possible with virtually all guns with a bolts and hammers.  Another approach is to use a special pin extractor and blank the pins with a high power motor. This is less practical since most lock sets have a lot of pins.
Plastic stretches or bends with the same percentage of elongation. Hence the white color.
Color wheel theory was established by the German physicist DanielSchiff in 1728. Historically, it came from the perception that objects reflect light in different patterns, which are usually represented by the four basic colors red, yellow, blue and green.  However, scientists now know that this is an illusion, and all objects reflect light in a unique way, some of which cannot be represented by the four primary colors. This means the color wheel is not actually a scientific law. One idea to represent all of this variety is to create a fifth primary color, called purple.
The number e is equal to 1.0-0.0 = 1.0 When you see a number like this in an equation, you can assume that the number e represents the base of the natural log. You can use a base e in mathematical equations without understanding the concept of the e number. However, it is better to know this number to avoid problems in math calculations. For example :  2+e = 3.0  -> This equation is valid when base of e equals 2.0 3.0 + e = 5.0  -> This equation is valid when base of e equals 3.0  You need to be aware of the e number when you use it in math calculations.
the velocity in km / h is irrelevant and frankly doesn't matter. you are still going to land safely regardless of the speed of the moon. there are numerous factors, but the most important is probably gravity. the moon has about 300 times the gravity of earth. So when you are on the moon with a speed of 3600 km / h and the gravity is 300 times greater, you can just fall down and land safely on the moon. However for your information, the earth has a velocity of 13000 km / h relative to the moon. if we reduce our speed to 3600 km / h relative to the earth, we will go from 11.2 ms to 6.6 ms to 3.3 ms. the difference of 3.3 ms is what is needed to land on the moon.
Based on various sources, the scythe is viewed as a symbol of Death and in some cultures it is commonly used in place of the Grim Reaper to symbolize that the death of the person will be met with a natural (although ultimately violent) process, and the Reaper’s function is to announce and explain this natural process. One source reads, “It’s the scythe, not the Reaper that’s sinister. The scythe symbolizes the brutal nature of natural processes of growth, death, and rebirth. While the scythe doesn’t hit anyone, the Reaper does make the announcement of death in order to prepare people for it.”
You are confused between time zone and sleep cycle. In most part of the world including India, night time starts at 12 pm local time. It is 24 hrs系统时间. You can argue that when you use evening as starting timezone but sleep cycle doesn't change. It is 8 hrs cycle. It means you can sleep as much as you want and still maintain same time in the next day.  Sleep cycle  As per science -  you sleep on a cycle of 8 hrs. Between sleep you wake up. So it may be confusing but it makes sense. At the time when you are sleeping your body use to extract necessary energy from food to keep you running. Your mind also work on it's part to keep your body running. As per that the body stops and if the person is heavy sleeper it may go to deep sleep for longer time which may be for longer time too. And that time the body doesn't require much energy to keep running. And when you wake up from deep sleep your mind work to keep you running till morning.
There is no single answer. Many small local police agencies will not accept applications from anyone who has taken or plans to take the SAT or ACT, as tests have a large component of subjective reasoning and are therefore unreliable as measures of general intelligence.
The most common failure modes of circuit boards are where an extremely high electrical charge is placed on them and when the charge carries through the board into a person or object attached to the circuit board. The combination of this high electrical charge and low resistance can damage the components on the circuit board. As you might imagine, this type of damage can be very dangerous to people and costly to fix. The copper tracks in a circuit board are insulated using an epoxy compound and they are very thin compared to the size of the copper strands. The charged particles get onto these copper strands and can create a high resistance path to ground. These high resistance paths can cause insulation damage to the circuit board and open up ways for electricity to flow through the copper strands.
Well, I'm sorry to have to leave you hanging on this one, but to answer your original question, I have no idea. This is purely an arbitrary number that has been handed to me by the government in order for me to be able to feed myself.
Naruto has had endless seasons because nobody from the channel gets screened for sexual content, drugs, swearing etc. in animes.
Many animals actually do not have two eyes. The most basic definition of an eye is a sensory organ, used for sight, that has two aspects, an anterior chamber (or lens) through which the light passes and an organelle (photoreceptor) that receives the light and sends a visual signal to the brain. You are correct that many animals do not have two eyes but some do have two independent organelles for the light detection, such as vertebrates and molluscs, or even two independent eyes each with an associated sensory organ, such as insects. Most however have just one organelle and one eye with two independent sensory modalities, that is light-sensory and mechanosensory. For example, as far as we know, no vertebrate has two independent eyes each with two independent sensory modalities.
In the movie 6th sense there are several references to the child's eyes literally looking into the past. These references do not make sense if the child actors eyes cannot make those kinds of movements.  A child under the age of 10 is unlikely to be able to make the eyes doing that.  But even if they could, it would be hard for them to look back into the past as an adult. An adult actor would need special effects to make it look like the eyes are moving back and forth.
So that the male clients urinating can wipe themselves dry on the ice instead of the toilet seat
the penny was originally stuck on quarter due to inflation.  Since then the penny has been too costly to produce and a cheaper round coin had to be produced.  An alternative is to just let it die.
Good question! That's actually a great question! I'm glad you asked! Transgendered people do not want to be labeled as their non - biological gender. In fact, I don't think that's even what they really want! I think they just don't want to get labeled as transgendered. They want to feel like their true self. So, they use the word cisgender to describe themselves. Cisgender means that they feel like their gender identity (who they feel they are) matches their biological gender. So, they use the word cisgender to describe the state of their mind. Transgendered people don't have a corresponding word for the state of their mind when they don't feel like their gender identity matches their biological gender. Transgendered people came up with the word cisgender, which has since been co -opted by the transgendered community. But, this is something that transgendered people want to coin for themselves, not something that regular non - transgendered people are comfortable with.
A hypercube, often called a'hypercube'is a four dimensional shape made of 8 identical 2-D 'cubes'. This 'cube' is actually a 2-D hypercube! Meaning it has an additional dimension where each side has 4 sides! So the real dimensionality is 8x8x8 = 1360.  These cubes are stacked on top of each other, in an octagonal pattern, resulting in a hypercube shape. The two dimensions in this cube are planes. So planes are 3D in this situation because the entire shape is 3D.
Satelites and Drones in Space Satelites are vehicles that deliver computer-generated images and sounds to everyone on earth. Satelites were first launched in the 1970s for military use. Drones are remotely piloted vehicles that are used by police forces to film criminal activities. The Federal Bureau of Investigation uses drones for surveillance and patrolling of urban centers. There are many small craft that are able to send high definition pictures back to earth, but there is one type of craft that is most effective at this task. This craft is commonly referred to as a unmanned aerial vehicle (or drone). Drones can be flown either by remote control or autonomously. Autonomously operated drones are typically smaller and slower than remotely piloted ones. Drones fly in the sky like birds and can carry sensors that collect data of various kinds. Drones can stay up in the air for many hours.
If they could do that, people would have done it already. The cigarette companies make cigarettes because they are much more profitable than reducing the amount of nicotine or other chemicals in the cigarette. Nicotine, like most addictive substances, makes people want to buy more. And people will buy more of the products if the price is low. So the cigarette companies keep the nicotine and other chemicals because they make the cigarettes more expensive and therefore they sell for more profit. Making cigarettes less addictive but not more expensive would make the cigarettes less profitable. It would make them less attractive to purchase. This would reduce their marketshare. They would have to either increase the price or reduce the amount of chemicals, but they don't want to reduce the profit margin.
Yelling is different than whispering. Exclamation points are used for emphasizing a point. Yelling can also be sarcastic and used in a negative way. When someone yells at you you could either talk back or choose to be silent and just listen.   You would never whisper when someone is yelling at you because a normal volume and tone is used to express you are yelling as well.
Babies are rare and usually just one person can have a baby. You typically use contraception to avoid pregnancy and then have unprotected sex with the baby's father and mother. This combination creates a new baby within the confines of marriage.
In the US, the article is from the Charlotte Observer, it's about Mr Charles Bowers who lives in Charlotte, North Carolina and had to pay $100,000.00 after a jury found his employer guilty of workplace negligence for a worker who had methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus, also known as MRSA, an often- deadly bacteria that causes an often-rare skin rash. The verdict marks the first-ever North Carolina jury award for a workplace MRSA infection.
Assuming the medieval bridges were made of wood and didn't have a foundation underneath, it is likely that the supports and the road that was beneath the bridge would have rotted over time. Also the foot passengers would have been at risk of being crushed by the falling bridge supports or of drowning in the collapse.
Because we have a constitutional right to health care and you can't have a free country without health insurance. If you have employer provided insurance you aren't required to have insurance but there are limited options and the company picks up the premium. If you are an individual then you are mandated to get coverage either through an employer or a state government run insurance exchange. Those options are very limited and often don't cover necessary benefits or have co-pays and deductibles high enough to be unaffordable for many people.
Stampedes usually happen when the flow of crowd is too fast to keep up with it, and the cause of the incident is from overcrowding. Stampede can happen in public places, like malls, or in certain situations, like in amusement parks.
The EU doesn't demand Google be broken up into separate companies. It's an agreement between the US and EU and US has to do with this matter.  The EU is in favour of treating large technology companies like Google as the regulatory benchmark instead of the country where the corporate headquarters is.
It depends on what you mean by dangerous. In general, you could get burned by a dry fire, but the right answer depends on what you are trying to achieve with the bow. If you want to strip the bow for repairs, you might be safer dry firing it rather than trying to fix it. If you are trying to improve your aim, you should not dry fire, you should take your time and only dry fire once you have taken the time to aim.
Deaf people have no understanding of music - this can be attributed to several reasons but the main one is that they have been denied the  ability to communicate language because of a major flaw in the ear, which is also responsible for losing the ability to hear.  Because the nerve that carries signals from our ears to our brains does not function properly, Deaf people are totally deprived of their ability to understand the concept of music.
Pigeons were trained by usingSIGNS. When a postman would deliver a message, pigeon owners would put up a sign near the post box saying "Pigeons wanted". Pigeons would learn to go to the sign and deliver the messages there.
Quarantine is a mechanism in antivirus software to prevent downloading and running new malicious software after an exclusion has been placed on a file (aka signature). While it can be used for other purposes like restricting access to files or folders, for the purpose of preventing new malware from being installed it is considered effective.
You're thinking about something else when you're reading something. Unfortunately, you're not putting effort into digesting the contents of what you're reading. It just goes through your brain, but your mental energy is spent elsewhere
The YouTube comments usually appear child-like because of the design they use (usually basic) and because they are written by an automatic text-to-speech application.
Supercars use massive valve springs to lower the effective pressure on their turbos (which translates to higher revs for the engine) which in turn makes the engine sound harsh. That is a supercar feature. You will not hear supercars sound too "pretty" if you keep your valve springs in your car - you probably should have used ARP 410s.   Trucks on the other hand use coil springs, which reduces the load on the valve springs and thus allow for the car to go lower in revs.
This is because many Buddhist paintings and sculpture have been influenced by Indian Buddhistic literature, particularly the writings of Vasubandhu (third to fifth century CE). Vasubandhu's works were influential among early Buddhism's contemporaries, because they articulated a "dualistic" view of consciousness as both an immaterial, shapeless substance and a sensory consciousness comprised of forms. These "forms" are not two but one, and they in turn arise from the prime matter, or "ground of being," which is ultimately one with consciousness.
There are several reasons why teams don't have receivers playing corner, one of which is it limits their value on special teams. As a wide receiver your primary value is on offense and the better you are at catching the ball the more likely you will be able to make an impact on the field. However, on defense it is often preferable to the opposing team to have an opponent with lesser skills tackle a smaller more well defended receiver vs a bigger, slower defense player who may be able to move laterally better.
Surveys account for this bias and lying in the answers it receives by weighting each individual answer based on how much they participated in the survey. If you took a survey and only 25% of the people who were contacted responded to your survey, the the the others 50% will be more likely to respond honestly.
Obviously HBO hiring more lawyers is a good thing. But that's not the only possible explanation. Maybe HBO needs more power to defend themselves in court. There are lots of reasons why a company may need more power in court. For example, maybe a merger or acquisition was denied because the courts found a clause in the previous agreement that forced the company to use less lawyers than what was allowed under the law.  And although more lawyers certainly give a company more power in court, the opposite is not true. Less lawyers certainly give a company less power in court. In fact, the power of lawyers is fundamental to the functioning of the legal system and any perceived lack of legal power is considered a legal minority.
The Ku Klux Klan burned crosses because most black people were religious.
Well... the short answer is they didn't have separate beds because that's how they lived. This was during the mid-20th century. Television was a different medium altogether and didn't implement such traditions. It was the "lifestyles of the rich and famous" at that time - with celebrities living with their assistants or their hairdressers or whatever. So, the decision was made to show that sort of behaviour.
In the physical world every object has a unique properties and power. By power I mean force, momentum, energy and so forth. If you put two objects with the same properties into motion they will move at different speeds, depending on their power, and the distance between them. If one of them is moving faster than the other it is called a 'runner' or a 'runner up' and if the slower one is moving faster than the faster one it is called a'slacker'. If there is no difference in their power and speed they are called'similar'. A faster runner may have a slower slacker and visa versa but the relative speeds of the two are the same. Now since there are many different kinds of athletes the type of sports they play, the quality of their equipment, the conditions under which they play their sport, the kinds of training they do and many other factors make a winner from a relative speed perspective. We call this " Relative Speed" because the faster runner is not necessarily faster than the slower one in absolute terms. The only way to compare relative speeds is by time and the method of calculating the time is called Time Distinct Infrared.
When a plane travels from A to B, the planesman are responsible for ensuring that the plane is in fact in flight and ready to take off. When the plane is not in flight, the man is responsible for recording this information on the plane manifest.  When the plane is in flight, the plane crew are responsible for ensuring that they are following the plan for the flight, and are doing so safely and within the allowable limits for the plane.  When a plane goes missing, this is generally due to one of two things happening.  1) The plane was lost on the ground, or 2) The plane was able to take off but someone on the ground interfered with the plane, either by distracting the crew during takeoff, or by removing or disabling one of the equipment that ensures the plane is in flight, or both.
I'm five! People grab their chest when they have a heart attack or other related problems because their core muscle is not capable of providing the needed support to the rest of their body.
TL;DR You're not seeing your keyboard clearly because your eyes aren't used to how to process color data. It takes time for your eyes to adjust to the dark and light conditions that are encountered outside of your home environment.
There are two main factors that influence the sound of a note played on a instrument : - the tension of the string that is wrapped around the peg of the instrument (a violin requires more tension than a cello for exemple) - the dampening (ouch, physics) of the felt that goes underneath the string and limits the movement of the string.
Methamphetamine (or "meth", as we call it in Australia, "meth"/"crystal" in the UK) use causes damage to the outer skin layer of the skin, and that damage is visible as scabs / blisters on the face and hands of meth users. Methamphetamine is a stimulant and the most heavily consumed drug in the United States is now rock cocaine, which is more refined than crack. It is a muscle relaxant and causes a boosted "high" which can lead to overuse injuries such as scabs / blisters.
They do not exist in the game, they do not exist in the world of games.
First, the things that are not dangerous : virgin mozzarella, gorgonzola, and most cheeses of hard varieties.  Second, read this article :  The third one of course, is blue cheese mold.  More seriously, yes, this is a controlled strain of the organism clostridium botulinum.   By purposely adding natural enterobacters to a food, you can make it poisonous to humans and animals.   The enterobacteriaceae organism, responsible for blue cheese mold, is a particularly virulent one.  They do not do that in normal cheese making, because consumers would not tolerate the cheese. They use it as an advertising gimmick.
you have the right to remain silent because this is a legal process where you may have questions that could incriminate you, and you are going to give us answers that could incriminate you, therefore you do not have to answer questions. this may sound harsh but this is just the way it is.
The sense of smell of human is really bad. In comparison to other animals, humans smell at least twice worse. It comes from the fact that there was a time in the evolution of the human when they didn't have to smell. This time of the human history is called the Paleolithic age. In this time, we were apes who couldn't smell. To understand how come this happened, I have to tell you a story.  In the beginning of the evolution of the human, the first humans were the Homo habilis. These humans were really smart, and they had the ability to make fire. This ability to make fire allowed them to cook their food and be sure that their babies were well fed. Fire is pretty dangerous, and this would have been the end of the Homo habilis. But luckily for them, there was another amazing invention created at the same time: the stone axe.  The stone axe, as you probably know it, is a really heavy and dangerous weapon that you use to chop your food. When the Homo habilis invented the stone axe, they died at the same time. This is why in the beginning of the evolution of the human, the Homo genus died out, and the Homo hab
Most space movies are shot on standard film with some form of stabilization system, usually multiple projectors plus rotating screen. A primitive editing system is assembled by comparing two shots of the same object against each other and correcting for movements. There is also augmentation, mostly used for spaceships with thrusters, that adds artificial thrust to the shot to make the object move in the direction it is supposed to.
Companies who own arenas in the US still have to cover the cost of running the stadium. The taxpayers do not subsidize this cost. However, if the company who owns the stadium were to charge tickets for the games that are broadcast on NFL Network, it would be generating additional revenue. The NFL Network is funded by advertising. Currently, the advertising is provided by companies who own game contracts with NFL teams. If the taxpayers were to not have to pay for tickets, the revenue would be used to help pay for the network.
The AK-47 is a very popular and adaptable combat weapon, it is very easy to use, no special training is required to be able to operate it, and it is not some sensitive weapon that will go badly off and kill someone. This makes it an easy choice for many different militaries. The most popular reason the UK and US do not use the AK-47 is because of the numerous reports of it causing harm to civilians and significantly impacting on the availability of guns for sport.
In many countries like the US the digits are random with no pattern.  It can make sense in some regions where streets were named after numbers. For example in Canada there is a street named 105 which makes sense, the number is 105.  But in most of the world the digits are not related at all, it is pure random.
They received lots of money from the United States government for running their farms.
I'm not sure what your source for the spider lifespan is but it is likely to be very unreliable. Spiders are very elusive creatures so the only reliable way to collect data on their lifespans is to tag and release a large number of spiders and count the surviving spiderlings. Sharks also have many estimates for their lifespan, but again it is very hard to measure. Sharks are also very good swimmers and in some cases can hold their breath for very long periods so they can live in the ocean ( although very uncomfortable ) while hunters only have air for about 20 minutes. So while sharks probably can live longer than spiders, they are still animals and require food, shelter and the ability to hunt and find a mate to keep them alive.
Amplifier: It increases the amplitude of the signal, which allows the signal to be stronger to better amplify the information. e.g. the musician playing a guitar wants to be heard over the crowd, an amplifier is needed to allow the musician to be heard from the crowd. VOLT:It is an electric measurement unit which is used to measure the amount of electrical power being transferred from one electrical device to another, e.g. a computer is a power source and can transfer electrical energy in the form of voltage, a voltage is measured in volts, and electrical energy is transferred in volts. WATT: It is a unit of power, the amount of work that can be done by a force or applied area of electricity or magnetism. It was named after an english mechanic who calculated work done by a wheel doing one turn of an axle was the work done by one watt of power. So watts are a measurement of power.
The exact same amount of money every two weeks is advantageous for two main reasons.  1. it makes it easier to budget. Let's say you're a new employee. You're starting out in your finances and need a place to start. By paying you biweekly, you can take a first look at your bank account to understand whether you will have any money left at the end of the month. With weekly wages, you have no idea when the money will end and you might end up overdrawn. With monthly pay, that's not the case.  2. it makes it easier to track your hours. Some employers might not want to know how much you're actually being paid. They might just want to know if you're employed. As long as you're getting paid biweekly, it's hard to prove you're being underpaid, which is, of course, very advantageous from a legal standpoint.  Personally, I'm torn on the topic and would prefer to be paid weekly. But I've also heard the arguments in favor of biweekly pay. I suppose it's a matter of personal preference.
your body is producinghistamines and a release of these causes the sneeze.
Your eye is naturally programmed to be most efficient in the dark. This is because our ancestors had to be able to see in the dark to find their way in the dark and detect food for survival. When the room you're in is dark, our eyes naturally adjust to see better because that is what is best for our vision. We don't have to look at objects but we will if we want to see them best.
I doubt it's because they are trying to make a profit. I think the likely reason is that the cost of buying the tickets in advance makes them more expensive to buy when they have to be deployed closer to the flight date, and they want to avoid having to buy more tickets far in advance so they can't use them before the flight date.
Here is an explanation of a CPU, or Central Processor Unit.  A Central Processor Unit (CPU) is the part of a personal computer (PC) that contains the main logic unit of the system. It is the "brain" of the computer, managing the flow of data and the performance of the other components. Modern CPUs are complex integrated circuits, commonly called chips, microchips, or microprocessors. They are much more complex than early valve transistors and are the workhorse of a personal computer, comprising the majority of its cost.
Based on the situation provided I would argue that the two children would have very little difference in terms of overall general intelligence or general physical health. However, it's really hard to compare the relative level of intelligence of two different periods in time. What we can say is that there is no statistical difference in terms of raw intelligence between people from today and people from 4000 years ago, as measured with typical tests and benchmarks.
When you start your computer, the operating system loads an initial set of programs. These programs are likely derived from a catalog of commonly used programs which are stored on the computer. If you update any of these programs, your operating system will need to load a new version and restart your computer.
ISIS has supporters who pay to be a part of the organization.  They also extort money from smaller governments that they hold in areas they control.  They also receive funding from sympathizers all over the world.
Yes, it would have the current layout and the current behaviour in typing and the use of words. This is due to the frequent usage of phones and tablet devices that allow a more efficient typing of words.
Mattress tags help you know what type of mattress you have, where it's made, and in what state it's in.  If you remove the tags, you are able to replace your mattress at a lower cost.  If you ever have an fire, you will be able to see if your mattress is flammable.  You may even want to consider getting an artificial mattress for your kids bunk bed.  The tags can be misleading.
West Berlin was like a psychological tool used to separate East and West Berlin. It was a border post, you stepped over the wall and you were in the other country.
Because it's just one hour, you're talking about hours for you, not for us. Hour for an hour.
Due to the nature of violence that happens in schools in general and nott schools in particualr, more liveskills are important for all students to be prepared to handle emergencies or to report such emergencies if they occur.  You also want the students to understand basic laws and how to defend against assault or sexual assault if that becomes a concern.
This is a very interesting question and also a big philosophical question. As of now, we do not know of anything that can claim to be truly self - aware. We humans, as a species, are notoriously bad at self diagnosis. For example, we tend to underestimate our resilience compared to actual circumstances. This bias causes us to overreact to difficulties and underreact to opportunities. This is fine and even highly beneficial in the early days of human evolution. However, as we get better at self diagnosis, this bias should become less and less detrimental to our success.  Self - awareness may be possible in the future through better computer hardware and software that understands human language and context much better. We have already seen that a large proportion of humans now interact with computers that are far more advanced than what existed just 20 years ago. I strongly believe that in just a few decades, our interactions with these computers will get so good that humans will not even realize the source of the information they are getting. This is still in the realm of science fiction, but I think in 20 years we will look back at current questions about artificial intelligence with a lot more clarity.
You need to pay because if you apply and are not admitted you will get charged a non refundable $ 95 application fee. What is being referred to as the merits package. Unofficially it is basically your transcripts, recommendations,scholastic reports, and essays. The $ 95 dollar fee is outrageous, considering the universities likely want to admit you regardless of whether you have enough financial aid or not. One school even admits that paying the fee will encourage even more students to apply.
There would be an instant reduction in the number of U.S. military personnel deployed in the Middle East. American military aid to Israel would be discontinued, as would be all economic and financial assistance to Israel. The traditional U.S. security relationship with the United Arab Emirates, which already has a large number of American military personnel, would be expanded. There would be a loss of tens of billions of dollars in foreign investment and hundreds of thousands of jobs in the Middle East. However, there would be no change in U.S. policy toward Iran or any other country. The reduction in U.S. troops in the Middle East would not fundamentally change the security environment there. But it would have a meaningful positive effect on the number of al-Qaeda and other terrorist groups in the region.
This is a tradition dating back to the early days of the US. It was started as a mark of respect by George Washington, but has now evolved into a sign of command. The President is still the commander-in-chief of the military, but now also holds the formal authority to issue orders to the armed forces and security agencies. When the President uses the title'Mr. President ', he is acting in both capacities simultaneously.
URL_0 The top ad looks to be one piece. What can print something that large? And why? Please explain like I'm five.  URL_0 - yes, URL_0 - yes, URL_0 - yes, URL_0 - yes, URL_0 - yes, URL_0 - yes.  What happens is, the manufacturer has so many advertisements in one piece, they don't want to ship the ads as individual pieces, so instead they slice the ads up, and then the printers have the ability to print larger sheets.    So in this specific example, one large advertisement can be printed.
URL_0 and URL_0 I typed the link wrongly once are different as they refer to different urls. URL_0 refers to the actual url that you typed.URL_0 I typed the link wrongly once refers to the url of the page where you were on before hitting the back button.
Ugly cars are very cheap. They look ugly because the designer just followed some basic guidelines like make the car fast and thin. There is no particular reason for ugly cars.
The process of writing or moving a file to an electronic medium is called "writing". The files created on a hard drive are also stored as bits of bits on the hard drive as a file. Each bit stores a value of 1 or 0, based on whether or not that part of the file represents a character or other data. If a bit is 1, the corresponding file part is known as a byte. If a bit is 0, the corresponding file part is known as a character. Since there are 8 bits in a byte, and 1 bit can represent any number of characters from 0 to 7, the result is a file of 8 characters. Let's say you write one byte to the beginning of a file. The file now contains one byte of information, and one bit. One byte of information, if interpreted as binary digits, is a group of 7 digits or numbers from 0 to 1,000,000. So the first bit represents one of the seven numbers from 0 to 1,000,000. This means you now have 8 digits in your file. Let's say the first byte of information you wrote was "4". The corresponding byte in the file is "4". The second bit in the byte of information tells us which of the seven numbers from 0
College financial aid is an important topic. There are many variables that go into it. Let's take a step back and look at the overall cost of college. Tuition and fees are a significant expense. This is where scholarships come in. A scholarship is money that is specifically given to students to attend college. The money is used to defray some of the costs, or is completely free. It is then divided between the amount of money the student pledges to the school and the amount of money the school pockets from the government in the form of taxes. It is a win-win for everyone. The student gets a better education because he or she doesn't have to worry about paying for school, and the school gets more funding because it's government grants and taxes.
The US used to use Celsius until its former delegate to the IIOC, Robert Godbold, proposed the metric system to the IIO. After the metric system was adopted, the US switched to Fahrenheit for both temperature conversions and metric measures. Godbold later said he had not understood the IIO's objective of adopting the metric system and had instead used Celsius.
It all starts with the scanner. Police scanners are radio receivers that pick up transmissions from police departments throughout the city and relay that information to officers on the street. These scanners are used to collect a wide variety of information from radio calls, such as addresses or specific locations being described. They are also used to communicate details of ongoing police investigations to officers on the ground who might be conducting surveillance on a suspect or crime in progress.  Once a police officer is dispatched to a specific location, that information is passed through the alphabetical police department database for that geographical area. This database keeps track of information such as: the street address of a crime scene, where the officers assigned to the scene are located, and details of past calls for service such as stolen vehicle reports and warrants served.  This means that in the digital age, the information we want to hear isn't necessarily what is being listened to on the scanner - the officer needs to read between the lines to get the information they need to do their jobs. Sometimes officers don't understand the information being relayed to them until they are in the field and need to use their own experience and expertise to make an appropriate response.
Chefs do a lot of things. From grilling the chicken to slicing the cheese a chef will make sure that each course is properly plated and served. Chefs also handle pressure, and do alot of talking on the phone and texting. Some chefs may even perform surgery while wearing a scrub suit. Most chefs spend much of their day in the kitchen preparing the meal. As the chef you will have to make sure that the kitchen is clean so that the other chefs can prepare the next course. Your chef apron will have to do double duty as a chef apron and a work apron. All of this together is called the culinary arts.
A common way to make expensive cameras is to equip them with complicated lenses, that collect a lot of light over a very wide field of view.  In order to bring out the best colors from the film they are recording with, they also use a fast shutter speed.  Fast, and a large aperture number, causes more light to hit the film sensor.  Large apertures means that less light is let in to allow for a slower shutter speed.  Using a faster shutter speed will let in more light but it will cause moving objects to appear blurred.  Using a larger aperture allows for a smaller aperture number and less light to be let in but allows for a faster shutter speed and helps to eliminate blur from moving objects.  So, you are essentially paying for light efficiency.  A larger aperture lens collects more light over the same field of view as a smaller aperture lens but it does so by blocking a lot more light.  This results in cheaper cameras using a simpler lens design having less expensive lenses.
I wish I had an answer. It's not entirely clear to me either why split screen coop gaming was removed from games. The splitscreen coop gaming mode is a mode in which two players could engage in a game with split screen where each player would take control of a different character in the game. I suspect it was removed due to technological limitations or else games simply changed and didn't highlight it.
The munchies are caused by dopamine levels in the brain. Dopamine is a neurotransmitter in the nervous system that motivates us to pursue rewards. Eating food cravings generally follow a circadian rhythm where food is most preferred at night. Studies have shown that people with addictive disorders are more likely to exhibit physiological signs of the munchies like facial flushing. I  think food is pretty essential for survival and something gets you hungry. However, the dopamine rush doesn't always lead to nutritious meals. In most cases, the munchies lead to high calorie foods likeizza pizzas, fries, ice cream  etc. In extreme cases, the munchies lead to binge eating.
In short : no Cows and sheep are easier to raise than bison. They have more fair skin which camouflages predators. Sheep are faster and bigger than bison. They are easier to catch and drive. Their meat has more fat which is more edible. They need less feed than bison to feed themselves. Sheep grew up faster. They have stronger immune systems.
Corn syrup is cheaper than sugar because the government pays producers to grow and harvest it. This is called "subsidies".
I can't speak to the actual reasons that parents choose to vaccinate or not vaccinate their children. But I can speak to the correlation between the two. The majority of the content that comes up on Reddit or other social media regarding the subject of vaccines is not based in medical, scientific or any other credible sources. But that hasn't stopped people from sharing anti-vaccine content, whether it's misinformation, clickbait, or just plain old fear. That's why I try to only consume content from sources that I can trust, as there's nothing worse than being bombarded with misinformation.
Recording audio in 16 bit means your recording technology can accurately represent all of the sounds you're hearing as being at full 16000 levels of intensity. This is a common recording format, and it provides the most detail and best quality for your audio files.
A molecule is made of several atoms (or chemical groups), and each atom has a unique signature in terms of electrons. With the right chemical formula (the exact combination of atoms, in this case 3 atoms ( hydrogen atom, oxygen atom and carbon atom)) and the appropriate electrons signature, you can bring together different materials to form a molecule that has some properties that make it special. These properties can be the following: 1/ lighter than air, 2/ stronger than its parts, 3/ wear resistance.   The key to understand and to describe molecular orbital theory is to observe and analyze the electrons of each atoms and form bonds between the atoms, basically binding together atoms that share the same orbital.  The simplest example of a molecule is Oxygen. At the end of the 19th century, Antoine Becquerel discovered that atoms of oxygen shared two electrons in similar orbitals in the same way that Hydrogen atoms shared one electron in a anti-bonding orbital. This was the first step to understand molecular orbital theory. In 1903 the Dutch scientist Jan Smuts explained that this orbital can be shared by two atoms that can be bound together by a chemical bond. In 1930, Brillouin described the idea of orbital occupation and bonding as a tetrahedron. In 1954
The appendix is just a digester facility for poop. Humans have evolved over time to no longer have a need for a appendix, as there are other systems in place to process the poop. For the majority of the past several hundred thousand years humans did not live past childhood and the appendix was not a necessity. For this reason, the appendix is often not developed in children who survive to adulthood. However, there are many circumstances where the need for an appendix arises, and the appendix must be removed in order to prevent death. For example, the appendix may become obstructed and unable to function, for any number of reasons. In this case, surgery is required in order to clear the obstruction. Additionally, the appendix is associated with pain in humans. This pain may be interpreted as a signal that the appendix is trying to lure the person into a life or death situation. Sometimes an appendix needs to be removed because it has become infected and is no longer able to perform its function. Finally, the appendix may simply burst open, which is highly unpleasant and potentially life-threatening. In this case, removal of the appendix is required to prevent death and possibly unnecessary pain.
A soap opera!  Soaps used to contain a blend of plant or animal fats and some sort of liquid soap ingredient in a block.  Soap Opera A is made with olive oil and some good old fashioned liquid soap.  Soap Opera B is made of cocoa butter and a liquid soap.  You wash with Soap Opera A, rinse with Soap Opera B, dry with a clean towel, and you’re done.  No alcohol in sight.  When soap was created in the early 1700s, the only way to get the ingredient into a solid form was to add alcohol to it.  The alcohol was essential to get the solid soap crystals to melt so that they could mix with the water and leave the soap film behind on the surface of the water.  This was the first stage in the cleansing process.  The alcohol left behind in the film would evaporate over time and leave behind the soap film. So, as the early 20th century progressed, the soap brands continued to evaporate the alcohol, one brand at a time, with each brand leaving behind a thin film of soap.  This incremental process continued for many years as the manufacturers experimented with new ingredients and new methods to formulate their product.
' port forwarding'is the process of mapping a specific IP address (for example, 10.11.12.1 ) to a specific set of port numbers ( for example, TCP port 8080 ) on your local system. The reason you need to do this is because when you are using a remote server or application to connect to, these connections are not 'local' to your system. They are remote to the machine that is running the application or server that is requiring remote access. Your application needs to know about these remote resources. Your application needs to know about these remote resources. The ports that are required are different for each application. For example, for the php application commonly used for web development, the required port is usually 8080, and for nginx, it is usually 8081. If you are going to be using your system to access these resources from the internet, you will need to open the required port forwards on your router. Typically, you would set up port forwards for a specific set of protocols like HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, and TCP, so your router knows to forward these to specific ports on your system (8080 for php and 8081 for nginx).
Gravity is equivalent to acceleration in the General Relativity. The General Relativity says that the law of inertia is an illusion and everything follows the acceleration. In simpler terms the faster you go the slower you get.
When you scroll a webpage or app, the webpage or app has a background thread that constantly manages to keep the webpage or app page and content element in a steady state. One way of doing so is by periodically showing a "loading" animation while a remote content fetches. This helps the human eye to know that content is loading, and further enables the webpage or app to avoid waiting indefinitely for the remote content to load and shows a progress bar that visualizes the loading process.  Loading bars work so poorly because most websites and apps use Flash. When Flash loads, it takes a few seconds to download and run. Consequently, the browser shows a loading animation and doesn't show the actual content of the website or app. If the website or app contains Flash content that is not offline (e.g. videos), this is a huge performance hit for the website or app and the load time is drastically impacted.
Well it all started on May 23rd, 2012 when an unknown hacker going by the name of " The Dreaded " DoublePulsar " leaked the confidential information of more than 600 million customers from JPMorgans Bank and did it so via the dark web. And this leak was done to generate media hype, and also gain some initial monetary settlements with the banks so that they will be able to compensate the massive hack from a few years back which cost the banks more than 100 billion dollars, and now with the recent hack all banks will now be at risk and will have to pay JPMorgan close to 9 billion dollars.
Gold was used as a currency due to it's properties as a metal.  It was harder to counterfeit so it was used in place of other less hard to counterfeit metals.  Gold also was a good store of value vs other currencies and so was used as a currency.
I don't know a whole lot about it because I don't work for the CIA. But here is the general sentiment, yes the CIA torture methods are controversial. There are some pieces of evidence which show the negative effects the techniques had on detainees. One theory why the anger towards the CIA is because of the effect the techniques had on the detainees. They were very scared, they lost hope, and some lost faith in the U.S. government. Because of the controversial techniques the current president has publicly disavowed them.
Utorrent was not designed for legal purposes, it was originally created as a P2P client that allowed you to download and save the files from other users that are sharing files, in P2P networks. Utorrent started getting shutdown by copyright owners and government agencies due to the pirated content that was being shared through it. As of recent, it has added a user-submitted section that allows users to upload but not download copyrighted content, which is also very controversial. For these reasons, it has been able to stay in business due to the controversies it has generated, and the new features it introduced.
Good question. I was listening to this song on Spotify, and the sound of the fork scraping on the plate did indeed sound like a child crying. This is why : it's an unpleasant sound, because we do not innately like the feel of metal on our vocal cords. It hurts our tongue, and in turn, the nerves in our ears perceive it as an unpleasant sound.
I would assume about a trillion dollars. It's estimated worth is greater than the GDP of Belgium. To put it into perspective - 1 trillion = 1,000 billion. So in economics we could say it is a very BIG business indeed.
Humans like to cuddle with animals to bond with them and feel close to them, like a toddler does with their stuffed animal. Sometimes, humans like to cuddle with animals just because they find it cute, and they probably didn't realize that the cuddling was the source of attraction.
Sure, wild animals can have phobias too. The most famous example is Hatteraick the Red, a white rhino who escaped from a game reserve in the country of Namibia and ran rampant through the streets of Stockholm, killing innocent pedestrians. Hatteraick was later killed by a stray bullet in an attempted attack on a Swedish police officer. A hunter responsible for his death has been arrested. While it's hard to prove whether or not Hatteraick had a pre-existing fear of humans or if it was conditioned through media coverage of the rhino's escape, it's a safe bet that the idea of "man vs. wild" played a significant role.
Stars don't twinkle they emit regular beacons of light in all directions which we see as a patch of brightness. When you take your dog for a walk and look in the night sky you can see star beacons from many thousands of years ago.   Some of the beacons are blocked by larger objects such as mountains or clouds in the sky. When you look closely you can still see the star beacons from times when the planets or other objects were much closer to the star. This happened thousands of years ago when life on Earth was just starting.
Because that is how the US education system has been designed. Many educational scholars think that a 4 - point GPA system is fairer than a simple percentage grade system.
It's complicated. McDonald's advertisements use overt racism and homophobia to reinforce negative ideas about African Americans, which in turn are then fed to their customers through the medium of advertising and restaurant practices. This gives McDonald's an effective means of exerting control over its customers' behavior without relying on overt manipulation. This corporate bias is far from unique and is simply the manifestation of a more general phenomenon: Advertising causes desire. This is the idea that advertising can create desire for things that aren't actually desired.
There was an exchange of knowledge between the civilizations of the two continents.  The Europeans learnt from the natives about how to farm and live in harmony with nature.  The Native Americans learned how to hunt, fish and care for the sick.  The Europeans brought knowledge of how to farm and urbanize.  The Native Americans brought to the Old World knowledge of how to hunt, fish and care for the sick.  The two civilizations shared many dishes and foods.
Well, to determine if one is better than the other, one can look at their entire discography. If they have 10 topselling albums, one is probably better than the other. The second way to look at it is to compare the number of influenced artists. Hendrix and Clapton influenced over a thousand artists, which usually determines who is considered better.
You can do anything that's legal on land. Murder is illegal.
Hair grows from the root. The growth stimulates more cells to grow towards the base of the hair follicle and results in healthier hair.
Wake up someone when you sleepwalking is not possible due to several reasons. One reason being most people are unaware of sleepwalking as it is considered to be normal. Very few people actually know they can do that. Because when you sleep you bend your knee, your leg will go to sleep leading to difficulty in controlling leg movements while waking. Same goes for talking when you sleep. Once leg and mouth movements stop you cannot wake up speaking into a person's ear or talking in half sentence like sentences. The movements of your hand can lead you to sleep are also limited as you need to keep at least half a finger on a person's face while waking up. It would be great if I can do this too :O
The city names in Grand Theft Auto V were chosen by Rockstar for marketing purposes. City names are not legally binding.
Tofu is plants attempt to create eggs. It is made of curdled soy milk that has been squeezed out of any water contained in the tofu block. Tofu takes on the taste of almost anything. To achieve this texture, modern day chefs will blend tofu with MSG and other tasteless substances. By the way the vegan gods would not be pleased with me for teaching you this.
"the effect of air resistance on a moving solid object can be simplified to two scenarios: the first, when air molecules are not sufficiently involved, the object moves with the speed of light (in the vacuum of course!) and the second, when air molecules are sufficiently involved, the air resistance acts at a fixed angle and the object moves at a reduced speed"  It means a feather and a bowling ball fall at the same speed in a vacuum, because only air molecules are involved in the air resistance and we are in a vacuum.
The internet was built upon conventions that worked great for sending text messages of 15 to 30 bytes. Email messages have historically been built upon similar conventions where the limit was a mere 300kB in size. When computers started getting faster this limit became useless. Server software needed to be updated to handle messages larger than this limit. These messages would not resolve on the recipient's end, they would get rejected outright with an error.  The solution to this was to add a 4th character to the end of the message. A dot. This indicated the message was received as a file and not as a message attachment. With this new convention, the servers still had to be updated, but the message sizes that could be sent would now allow for larger files to be transferred.
Even though a movie may be incredibly unfunny ( and in fact it sounds like Dumb and Dumber To and Horrible Bosses 2 are two of the funniest movies of all time!!! ) they still get massive budgets due to studio logic, i.e. they think all moviegoers enjoy stupidity so lets give them a stupid movie with a big budget to facilitate a stupid movie and therefore generate stupid revenues for stupid studios.
Paint will stick to most surfaces better than plastic.  Anything with a high emissivity will radiate more heat into space which will make it cool.  Black paint with a high pigmentation level will stick to any surface better than white and will not flake off like most paints.  Black paint has a much better reflectance profile then white and will reflect more of the infrared spectrum.  Black paint also reduces the temperature rating needed to keep it from flaking off.
Yes we can use gas as a source of calories, and in fact we do. Meals are usually prepared by combining protein, fiber, carbohydrates, fats, fluids, and chemicals in varying proportions. Gas from the digestive process is absorbed through the lining of the mouth into the blood stream where it is carried to the organs. The organs use this oxygenated blood to create energy. Depending on the amount of gas, the organs adjust their functions to maintain homeostasis. Some organs adjust their size, some release hormones that raise the heart rate, some release stress hormones, and some release growth hormones that cause an increase in the size of certain body parts.
We've all seen pixels and no matter how good your graphics are, there is always going to be some noise. The reason shadows are so visually intense is due to the large number of interesting details required to create them. Firstly, we need to model the light and the shadow scene in three dimensions. This means we need to accurately render the light's path. Next, we need to accurately model the light and shadow interface on the surface. Finally, we need to rasterize all this geometry into a 2D bitmap that looks as good as the rest of the game. This may all sound straightforward, but it's surprisingly tricky to get right. There are still numerous challenges when rendering shadows even today. This is a longer answer on the topic of rendering shadows in a technical way. A short high-level overview is as follows: Rendering shadow volume is actually the intersection of two highly non-linear tasks. First, we need to find the light's path through the scene. Second, we need to find the shadow volume on the surface. Finding the light's path is actually quite easy, as we can project light onto the scene from any direction, using a light's raytracer, and then rasterize the intersections between the light
I think you are on the right track, it is quite interesting that Irish music sounds like pirate music. This is a cultural connection, you might want to learn more about both cultures in order to better understand this correlation.
Marijuana is classified as a schedule 1 drug because there is no evidence of its medicinal benefits. At the same time, there are some studies that prove its medicinal benefits. The classification is confusing, but this classification is to ensure people who are undergoing medical research don't get hassled by the DEA.
There are multiple plausible causes for the feeling of impending doom or of being watched, depending on your location and personal history. However, there is no definitive explanation for your experience.
There is no reason that a gay person can't use a restroom that he or she is sexually attracted to. As long as the individual's personal safety is not compromised, it should be completely acceptable. Additionally, many public restrooms are now Gender Neutral which is also a good option for a gay person to utilize.
The reason they serve pickles is because that is the food that was available when this culture formed and they have since adapted to incorporate them into many of their meals. This includes sandwiches.
A black hole is the deepest and darkest part of a galaxy. Black holes pull material into their event horizon and can, in theory, completely capture and hold any object that comes within its gravitational pull. According to Albert Einstein's theory of general relativity, this limit is one minute means one minute for something to reach a person (or anything else for that matter) outside of a black hole.
Libertarianism is a system of values, not a political philosophy, and anyone's personal values may align with or be at odds with libertarianism. For example, many libertarians consider the practice of for-profit education to be a form of "employment" that infringes on personal liberty. Conversely, some libertarians believe education to be a natural right. Those with differing opinions can still work together in the interest of liberty, as the individual opinions can be reconciled by the spirit of liberty itself, or by the sheer force of numbers (i.e. a majority).  In a libertarian society, the state would no longer exist. As written in the U.S. Constitution: "The Constitution and the laws of the United States are pro-decisive of the justness of war, and consequently, nothing found abroad contrary to the peace and dignity of the United States ought to be admitted as law." Libertarians also believe that the Constitution has been perverted, and it would be replaced with a charter of rights. In this document, one could find the enumeration of the powers that are to be excluded from the state (e.g. the 9th amendment). Individual states would retain the power to uphold the laws of the land. Though,
Suddenlink does care when you torrent.  What they don't care about is why you did it.  If you torrented movies for enjoyment ( and everyone will admit to this ) you will get disconnected for " No Reason " every time.  If you torrented TV shows for enjoyment  ( which not all of us do ) then you will not get disconnected because of it.  If you did it because you needed to have it in a specific format asap (ie. to watch TV while camping ) you will get disconnected.
AT & T and Verizon are both correct. Both of them have the faster 4 G LTE network.
Human existence on planet earth inevitably brings about species conflict. Inevitable because the Earth simply does not have the capacity to sustain the current level of biodiversity. If humans were to suddenly disappear, the earth would be able to rebalance the levels of biodiversity on its own. However, it would likely take millions of years for the earth to achieve this balance. By the time the earth got back to pre-human biodiversity levels, the nature of species themselves would have drastically changed and there would likely be other competing for the resources that humans would have monopolised.
First off all, let me say that I am a huge fan of Mattel and the " I Can Be A Computer Engineer " Barbie book. Despite all of that, there are definitely things that can be improved upon. The primary thing I think can be improved upon is that there's not enough diversity in the types of jobs that Barbie can do. A large part of the book is spent teaching students how to program in Javascript, how to use an embedded circuit simulator called Mentor and how to use basic electronics. While these are all skills that would be useful in many different careers, I feel like there's not enough emphasis on the fact that learning to program and understand how to use electronics and simulators are extremely useful skills for anyone looking to gain a grounding in these areas. While it's great that Barbie can build a robot with her pink plastic toolkit, it'd be even better if her robot could help her understand how circuits actually work or could power her electrical engineering courses. Another thing that would be great to see in this book is more emphasis on entrepreneurship. The focus on Barbie being a CEO of an electronics company, while feasible, feels a bit like it was shoe-horned in later on, when a lot of these skills would
They don't. They are gliders and want to go faster than the wind.
When your body misses someone so much that it actually hurts you may be experiencing a  " acute phase " reaction. Acute phase proteins are mainly manufactured in the liver but can also be produced by the kidney, lungs, and other organs. However, when this mechanism is overwhelmed your entire body may produce proteins to compensate which may in turn hurt your organ that was causing the original problem.
Travelers to our country often ask where they can find a Bible in a hotel room. My mother, who travels with me, brought a bible to the plane and I began keeping it in our bags since then. But there are good reasons why we provide Bibles in our products and services. To begin with, providing a Bible in a hotel room is a practical solution for our customers. Some of our customers regularly travel and are in hotels. But they might not have their own religious texts. Thus, the Bible is always accessible. Another reason is because we want to share the bible with as many people as possible.  The bible is a very important book for anyone. It contains all of the Ten Commandments, stories of the people of old who lived before and after Jesus and many other things that we believe is very useful to know. This is why we provide it to anyone who needs it. However, we make sure it is kept with a positive tone. We want anyone who picks up the bible to use it to find God and understand the value of him. And this is why we provide the text in its original language. To make it accessible for everyone, we translate into many languages. We will make sure that anyone can understand the
Not sure exactly when the madness started but salaries began rising due to many reasons. A couple key reasons include the new TV contracts which provided the players higher salaries to produce more revenue for the owners. Additionally, the advent of the internet with the ability to find players all over the world lead to more interest in the game and ultimately more demand for players products, which led to higher salaries.
Our one specific celebration that we follow all over the world to remember the birth of Jesus Christ, remember that it happened in the village of Nazareth in Galilee, around the month of December. The celebration of Christmas originated in the eastern world, was later adopted by the western world, and today its a world wide celebrated.
Rich are richer and poorer are poorer. The logic is that by taxing the rich more than the poor the government will have more money to spend on programs that benefit the poor. The poor will then get health care, subsidized higher education, nutrition assistance and other social programs that benefit them. The rich will pay less tax and the government will have less money to spend on programs that benefit the rich. Therefore the rich will have more money and therefore more taxable income and the government will have less money to spend on the poor. Eventually the poor will get worse off than before.
There are many variables when it comes to PTSD. There are direct and indirect causes. An individual will typically not go to a military hospital for PTSD. Instead, they will go to a primary care clinic where their symptoms will be assessed by a medical professional. They will then be referred to a mental health provider for an assessment and a diagnosis. While going to a military medical clinic is usually not the approach PTSD is typically diagnosed based on symptoms rather than arriving with an acute health concern. One can not win the war on PTSD.
Slightly opened car windows cause glass to rattle.  The windows move and the glass makes a noise.  It is a safety concern so car manufacturers have made cars that have better acoustic windows  that close with very little effort.
While Judaism, Islam, and Christianity can trace their roots to Abraham, they are not the same as Abraham. Judaism is a religion of the Children of Israel who came to believe that the promise given to Abraham was real. Muslims come from the Abrahamic God and believe in the same God as Christians but come from a totally different Bible. Christians come from a different book called the Old Testament and believe that Abraham is the root of the Church. So yeah, you can be Jewish, Muslim, and Christian at the same time. For reference, Jews are from Ancient Israel, Muslims come from Abraham, and Christians are from the Old Testament.
Zits / pimples actually form on your face when your open pores expose the pores below the surface of your skin. This usually happens when your face is exposed to high caffeine or chemical content (hairspray, deodorant, etc) and/or oily skincare products. High caffeine and/or chemical content can also increase the amount of sebum in your skin (oil). Sebum is your skin's natural defense against damaging external factors, such as bacteria and UV light. Higher sebum levels can also lead to more open pores.   Oily skincare products will add more oil to your skin which can also lead to more open pores.
A hedge fund is a type of investment entity that invests a lot of money, usually in a small amount of time, in a wide range of stocks, bonds and other types of fixed income instruments. The investment strategy generally uses quantitative techniques to beat the average expected return of the market or a specific asset class.  To start a hedge fund, you typically need a few million dollars, but typically the more aggressive the strategy, the lower the minimum investment. You can raise more money from investors by advertising the hedge fund as "accredited" (typically net worth over 1 million dollars) and, therefore, qualify for higher minimum investments. Many hedge funds are open to a wider range of investors, and smaller institutions often hire managers who are graduates from top business schools to run hedge funds. The fees in hedge funds can be high, but if they beat the market, the compensation can be very good.  One famous hedge fund is the Grubman-Simone group of funds founded by George Soros, who charge 2-3% return on average for their investments.
Nintendo does not have any legal grounds to sue individuals for playing their products without paying a licensing fee. What you are observing is the natural evolution of software and hardware pirates, which had been going on since the dawn of technology. However, it is not legal to make and distribute " illegal copies " of console software ( in this case, Nintendo's ), even though individual consumers might be free to do so.
USBs have limited storage. Many times manufacturers set the storage to a figure they feel is more realistic than the potential of a single USB, but that figure is based on the assumed usage of the USB which is for a single use and doesn't take into account deletions, formatting, or the possibility that the USB will become obsolete and require a new one.
If you suffer from persistent, major, major depression, then you need professional help to manage your mental health.  Mental health issues can be caused by many things and require professional medical help.
The section of the audience that does not applaud are the those sitting in the first few rows of the house. If you are sitting in the first few rows, you have been designated as a "Young Invincible" and have been "vetted" by the Obama campaign. If you get a call or e-mail from the Obama campaign asking you to contribute $25 to their fundraising website or to sign up for the "Obama email list", most likely you received that email or a telephone call from an Obama campaign staffer.
The decision to replace " U " with " V " is based on nationalistic values. European colonial powers replaced native people with their version of " V " in everything from coins to buildings.
Hydrophobic treatment  helps  the water to attach more easily to the surface, therefore decreasing the friction between water and ship. As an hull is divided in layers of bitumen, it protects it and gives the ship a more rigid structure. Once damaged, the layers will tear easier, hence leading to a easier repair. This has a little to do with preventing water that comes into contact with the ship from staying on the surface, leading to the surface of the ship drying out and hardening, creating a more rigid hull.The main concern is that bitumen, which is very water-repellent, is a semi-solid at room temperature. When exposed to water, it might turn into a hard shell that will not easily come off. Hence ships that have a hydrophobic treatment.
Oil is the lifeblood of the planet. It gets you very far. Everywhere you look there is oil, it's in the ground, it's in the air, it's in the sea. The oil gets you up in the morning, gets you through the day, and keeps you warm at night. When you run out of oil, the Earth will turn cold.
In short, correlation does not imply causation.  The word correlation comes from the latin word "correlio", meaning a comparison, or resemblance.  Correlation is used to measure the degree of similarity between two variables.  If the variables are continuous, it is often represented by a line that goes through the origin (0, 0).  This line is known as the line of best fit.  This line will go through the origin if the variables are totally random and have no relationship to one another.  If the variables are discrete and each variable only takes on one value, a simple count can be used to calculate the correlation coefficient.  A correlation coefficient of 1.0 means the two variables are completely correlated and must have a causal relationship.  A correlation coefficient of -1.0 means the two variables are completely anti-correlated and must have no causal relationship.  A correlation coefficient of 0.0 means the two variables are not related and there is no causal relationship.  A correlation coefficient of between 0.1 - 0.99 means there is a high probability that the relationship between the variables is causal but it is not proven with absolute certainty.
Video games continue to be purchased because each year or so there are only minor changes. Most people don't like to own individual "hardware" to play each game so rather buy a few games at a time, like a few dozen Madden or FIFA, so that you can easily switch between them.
In the 1980's " why " was trendy, and most kids were saying " why ". Kids didn't know what " why " meant and assumed it was a short form of " wherefore " which means " where from ".   The phrase has now lost it's original meaning and most kids are now saying " why not ". The why has now lost it's origin and is now an slang phrase used by college students.
When we were younger, we were taught that we should only eat with one side of our mouth. This is because we should only use half of our appetite and burn the other half. Some evidence also suggest that we should chew with the left side of our mouth and swallow with the right side, however, this isn't necessary true. The reason that we ate on only one side of our mouth is largely unproven.
Scientists believe the oceans hold up to one quarter of all the planet's resources. And yet exploration of the deep sea is incredibly challenging. The conditions are hostile and the resources that lie beneath the oceans surface are deep in scale, so getting to them is incredibly difficult. Most countries do not have the resources or will to go and explore. On the surface of the earth we live in a 'fish bowl', we know more about the stars than we do about the oceans, which in turn creates enormous challenges for the people of the earth. In summary we have an abundant and plentiful resource on the earth, we know how to get at it but we are choosing not to because it seems like there is more to find.
The Earth's spin axis is perpendicular to the Earth's equator, making north on Earth a tilted representation of the up direction, hence the expression tilt without north.
To understand why someone might be jealous of another person's penis, first we need to understand the concept of penis envy.  According to Sigmund Freud, this stems from childhood Oedipal conflicts, in which a young boy develops a sense of shame and inferiority around his father's penis and would seek to replace it with a woman's genitals.  Thus, someone who experiences penis envy will attempt to one-up another person by describing sexual prowess, competence, or ability.  They will utilize flattering terms to describe their partner's body parts, or they will compare their partner's body to a stereotypical male or female body type.  They will engage in behaviors to make their partner more sexually submissive, such as masturbating them or having sex with them in a more submissive position.  They will also make sexual remarks about their partner to other people, which can elicit jealous or resentful responses from those they care about.  It is important to understand that envy is a natural human emotion and this type of jealousy should be viewed as normal and healthy.  However, if one becomes too jealous or excessively anxious around their partner's sexual performance, they may be better off focusing their energy on more constructive areas, such as developing a
Prison cells have a low entrance so that guards and prisoners don't get hurt if someone tripped or fell. There is no furniture for a wheelchair user to sit on. The guards will take the chair out for needed use.
Genetic makeup does not directly affect susceptibility to cancer. In fact, certain traits and genes have been associated with lower cancer rates. Certain groups, such as individuals who engage in heavy physical activity, have a lower incidence of certain types of cancer. There are numerous factors that go into susceptibility, and more so, this should be considered a risk factor, as opposed to a direct link to a particular person having higher or lower susceptibility to a particular type of cancer.
Fish have gills, which are modified lungs present below the waterline that allow for them to breathe.    However fish don't have functional organs that perform the function of lungs that are not attached to the body.  Some fish, such as tetras, have respiratory organs that are not attached to the body, but are separate organs.  This is different from other animals that have functional lungs, such as land animals, in that tetras do not have a real lung but they have another organ that does the job of a lung.  In other words, tetras do not have functional lungs, but they have another organ that performs the function of a lung.  A lung is not a necessary feature of being a fish, but tetras have a lung like organ.  This organ is probably evolved over time as a respiratory organ.
It is most likely the hardware. Servers are designed to be super computers, with multiple high performance processing units all in the same box and lots of storage and network connectivity. They are also designed to handle load from many users at once. Most servers will boot up, check that there is power, that the hard drive is spinning and then accept requests from the network to take on new tasks. Most servers do not have to deal with load from the individual user, who can each have their own dedicated device. The system can balance it's resources between the tasks the users request. As these tasks are on the server it needs to complete it can run each of these tasks on multiple processing units, all connected via the network which can distribute the load between them. The users are also using the resources available on their own device to create the tasks, so this is also how they are causing load for the server. This balancing of load between servers and the number of servers is what allows the servers to perform well and achieve incredible uptimes.
The governments of the countries the planes are from should have a policy in place to prevent planes from impersonating other airplanes. For example, they could deny the planes' licenses to operate, ground the planes, or shoot the planes down.
It is very easy to condemn piracy when you think about it in abstract terms, but the reality is much more complex. Piracy has been a part of human culture and economic activity for hundreds of years. Piracy has existed in the modern digital age with ease of availability of pirated content, access to the internet, and without physical media. Piracy exists without giving away personal details of the content creator and without mediating dispute resolution processes for the content creator. People pirate a lot of content. If one does not like the content, they do not have to pirate content anymore. They can go out and buy the content. There is also a thriving market of services and tools that help the consumer find and download pirated content. People pirate a lot of content because it is convenient and affordable. People pirate a lot of content because the quality is good enough and the content is not "stolen" or copied from another source. People pirate a lot of content because it is easy to obtain and start downloading content. People pirate a lot of content because the service or product they use to obtain the content is more convenient or comfortable than paying for the content. People pirate a lot of content because they prefer to do what
Because the scientists who research these subjects have an agenda.  Evolution is just another religion that conservatives believe in but it is not true
A throat strain, or laryngitis, is common in the winter when you go out in the cold. It can be caused by breathing in cold, dry air too heavily, or by going for a run and not lubricating your breathing apparatus properly. Your doctor can prescribe a cortisone shot for the symptoms, but there is no harm in staying lubricated during exercise, so you don't have to go overboard with exercise, and you can make sure to breathe in properly.
Diplomatic immunity covers crimes unless the country you are representing specifically says they don't. In which case they don't. Its normally the foreign country's call which matter. And remember the crime must have taken place in the country you are representing.
It is hard to say why we have extra body hair. It is known that hair is unnecessary for survival and that many animals have hairless body. However, extra hair on the body could have other benefits, such as protecting against injury from heat loss or predators. There are also anecdotal reports of people who find hair on their body after a cutting or mowing of hair short, but it is not clear if this is evidence of an independent personality trait or if the hair grows back.
That is a very good question. It is very likely that the men fighting back in the videos are lying. That is, they are just in it for the money. Or maybe they think they can "earn a free pass" by turning on their own men. Either way, they are breaking a fundamental rule of warfare. These men are not warriors. They are thugs hired by a dictatorship to enforce its will. They are not warriors because they are not trained. They are thugs. They are not warriors because they are not honorable. They are thugs. They are not warriors because they do not have the consent of the people they are oppressing. These men do not have the consent of the people they are oppressing. They are thugs. They are not warriors. It is not a moral choice to fight back against your enemies. Fighting back against your enemies is what thugs do. Fighting back against your enemies is what they have been conditioned to do. Fighting back against your enemies is what they are paid to do. They are not warriors. It is what they actually do. They are not honorable. And frankly it is a little weird.
From your comment, it is difficult to understand what you understand. First of all, please let me answer your basic question. We can never go faster than the speed of light due to the fact that the resulting energy would be too much for the universe to handle. A light signal would compress the space-time manifold to an impossible size and hence it is impossible to sustain such a speed. However, the more subtle answer as to why we will never travel the speed of light lies in the event horizon of a massive black hole. A massive black hole consumes everything in a finite amount of time. Hence the escape velocity, or speed necessary to get out of the event horizon, is also equal to the speed of light.
The simple answer is that they're just different.  But really the reason is that we use electric appliances and electric appliances are powered by batteries, and batteries use electric circuits to allow for electricity to flow between the two.  Some of the simplest circuits use positive and negative and ground.  You hook up positive to a plug and you can use electricity.  You hook up negative to a ground and you can prevent electricity from flowing but you also have a path for electricity to return to the ground.  If you don't have a ground then you will trip over yourself when you unplug the positive end of the cord from the appliance.
Since Obamacare passed in 2010, Americans have gotten a piece of crap system called "health insurance." It is an uninformed individual choice that most Americans are just required to " buy in" to, without fully understanding the implications.  If you choose to buy health insurance, you are ( typically ) putting 20-30% of your income toward a company that can have their policies cancelled at any time ( for any reason ) with no recourse for you! It is very similar to a house purchase - you're giving the seller of that house money to spend however they see fit, without any rights to the house or any oversight. Essentially this is like giving the seller a " tarrif " of how much money they can save on taxes before you will accept their offer!  There are many variations of this "insurance" but the gist is the buyer is responsible for a percentage of what the seller wants to save on their taxes. In this example, the buyer of the insurance is responsible for 20% of the cost of the insurance to cover them in the event the seller wants to change insurance companies for any reason.  Do you see where I'm going with this? Many Americans are being sold a false choice - they either "have to buy"
The US and its UK puppets are profiting from the current crisis. The US has a campaign known as " Russiagate " to delegitimize President Putin and cast his regime as an existential threat to the empire. The agenda includes a covert campaign of cyber warfare against Russian society and the leaders of Russia and Ukraine. The current crisis with the help of the new troika of stooges ( US/EU/Saudia Arabia ) are being used to finish the job of US economic and political strangulation of Russia.
There are several factors that contribute to the low frequency of commercial airline crashes. First is the rigorous FAA review and approval process that airlines go through before adding a new flight route or changing an existing route. Airlines are incentivized to be safe and do not want to fail customers or lose FAA certification. Second, the FAA requires an airplane that has been in service for 10 years or more to be inspected annually and have upgrades performed as needed to ensure the plane is in excellent condition for continued flight operations. This often limits the age of airplanes that make up a commercial airline fleet. Third, having a certified, qualified and trained pilot on every flight adds another layer of oversight and regulatory compliance.
If you don't want your emails to be replied to, don't include a prompt in your emails to reply. Emails are not a good way to ask someone to do something. An email is not a paper letter you hand someone, so giving someone the ability to reply to you is the same as giving them the ability to unilaterally decide to ignore your email, and have them deleted for misguided reasons. You can't have it both ways, and it's not smart.
The short answer is that's just how it is.  Women in all fields have fought hard and committed to their chosen careers and have sacrificed a lot to get where they are today.  Male and female students have chosen their colleges and attended them, and they deserve to be treated fairly.
Blizzard takes its game platform, URL_0, offline for maintenance approximately every other Tuesday for scheduled system updates. This pattern is observed in all Blizzard games, but is not observed in its other platform, URL_1.
Legal Recognition of Marriage is important because it creates the legal framework and provides social sanction for the institution of marriage. This helps to create a sense of stability and security to married couples. Without legal Recognition of Marriage, there is no sense of security for the couple, there is uncertainty in their relationship, and couples may resort to informal measures (such as cohabitation without marriage) to safeguard their relationships. Legal Recognition of Marriage is also important for the welfare of children in a couple, because it creates the legal framework for the upbringing of children. As a result, it is important to have a legal and binding mechanism for the custody of children, maintenance of children, and so on. In addition, without legal Recognition of Marriage, same-sex couples do not have any legal protections or benefits.
I'm not sure if you're five, but when you are five, you are way too smart for your age. I've been on a plant energy excesses rut lately, and I need some guidance. Plants seem to get 'obese' if they store more energy than they need. You can increase the energy stored in the plant via techniques like applying CO2 in the evening. Plants store energy in the form of starch, so more CO2 in the evening translates to more stored energy.
The Bahá'í Faith is a religion based on the teachings of Bahá'u'lláh, a historical figure from the past who lived from 1817 to 1847. It was officially declared a religion by the Parliament of the World's Religions on June 8, 1937. As of 2022, it had about 20.4 million followers across the world.
Electric current in a wire loses energy when its flowing. When current is flowing it has a certain electric potential. When current is flowing from higher potential to lower potential the energy is lost as heat. Sun generates heat and thats why in winter when sun is furthest from the earth its winter on earth.
The answer is not clear and there is no way to know with certainty. However, it seems possible that Russia and China do not want the United States to have an uncontested veto on North Korea. They might prefer a less-unanimous vote to be thrown against the resolution, which they fear could provide more legitimacy to a UN sanction vote on Pyongyang.
Because beer contains water, which causes dehydration, since your body is made up of around 65% water, you can see a person who has a high percentage of body water in beer will tend to feel really thirsty, since their bodies are already hydrated. A person who has not drank much beer, or who has a lower percentage of body water, will tend not to feel that thirsty, and thus less likely to dehydrate from drinking too much.
To understand what is going on here you need to know that a candle creates the illusion of flame because it bums on the oil in the wick. But how is it really burning? It is actually burning down to the wick, it is just the combination of oxygen in the air and the wick that make the flame look like there is a flame coming from the candle itself.
I don't know about allergies, but it is known that in the wild measles have completely disappeared due to vaccination. But who am I to judge?
There are a lot of reasons someone might not be able to start their own nation. The most popular is because no one wants to live in a nation that doesn't have a least some connection to a big country like the USA or a neighboring country. Other reasons include the existence of government organizations such as the UN that designate territories as nations, territories that don't belong to a particular country or group of people.
Sadly, I am not at all clever enough to analyse your cunning methods. I encourage you, however, to continue using it. Your friends are surely noticing your increasing interest in them and how they are likely to feel about it. If you Google someone's name on the internet, you might actually come across some info about them, like birthmarks or a criminal record. I am sure you are excited by the idea of meeting that person. His reaction might be what you are actually looking for.
Several plaintiffs, including the states of Maine, Massachusetts, Nebraska, and Nevada, have brought a challenge to the provisions of the Affordable Care Act that establish a federal permit system for insurance companies to sell individual and small group coverage in the states, known as Health Benefit Exchanges. These plaintiffs argue that these provisions of the ACA exceed the federal government's power under the Constitution's Commerce and Supremacy Clauses.
Degrees make sense when talking about temperature. We can use a degree fahrenheit to convert between degrees celsius and when we talk about degrees we are referring to a measure of angle. Degrees are also used in measuring angles in geometry and trigonometry. This is because degrees are a unit of measure, just like inches, feet, miles, etc.
In most cases your friends and family members don't look good in photos. They always tell you how they look in photos, and you assume that looks good in person. The truth is they look bad in photos. The best thing you can do to improve your photos is to stand in front of a good background ( an object or plant, anything but flat color)  and turn the flash as low as you can. Another way to prevent photos from turning out so bad is to wear proper photo editing software. A great free one is windows photo factory. Another way to improve photos is to find a digital camera with a good flash, or better yet, an HDR. For the record I'm talking about cameras that are not pro, which most people own nowadays. If you still think your photos are ugly just install this software and do a complete system scan. This is a good place to mention that when you look at your friends photos they are looking very nice, and your're bad at capturing the moment!
WiFi ( globally unique identifier or "wifi id" ) is a radio signaling mechanism that uses radio waves to provide a wireless data connection between a client ( generally meaning a human powered device ) and a router.  A lot of WiFi-enabled client devices report a wifi id. That id is used by the WiFi networks to identify the client device and route network traffic to it. With each unique identifier, the server can track the clients’ location.  For location-based services, it is common for the service to collect the WiFi id of the device and send a query to a backend server to find the device location and update the user interface. The backend server can make use of the wifi id to improve its database and reduce the number of network location queries, which is ultimately used to improve the accuracy of the device location.
Couponing works like this : you go to a store, you see a certain item for $X and your eyes fall on a coupon for $1 from the Sunday paper or TV or your mom. You immediately save a dollar, the store owner doesn't notice and a few weeks later you got the item for $0.99!!! You repeat this all the time and save hundreds of dollars in a single trip. In fact you only have to do this once per item and you'll be fine. You won't be able to beat the economy of scale, so to say, as an individual store owner, you'll probably never be able to optimize the price of your products.
Fresh squeezed orange juice contains pulp which is strained out of the squeezed oranges.  This leaves the freshly squeezed orange juice which is then pasteurized to kill any organisms present in the orange which can cause disease ( e.g. strains of  e. Coli O157:H7  ).  Stored bought orange juice does not contain this pulp.  Instead the juice is extracted from the oranges straight from the orchard after the oranges are gathered.  This means that there is no pulp left in the orange which means that it will not be pasteurized ( and that is the point of "fresh squeezed" juice ).
The answer is quite simple. A preset equaliser emulates how the human ear has evolved to process audio over time. We evolved to rely on a very specific set of frequencies to hear high frequencies (such as the bass), mid frequencies and low frequencies (such as the treble).  We evolved to rely on specific frequencies because those frequencies were critical to our ability to localize sound. The bass was crucial to our ability to discern which direction a sound was coming from. It helped determine whether we were getting impacts from a weapon, or whether the sound was natural like thunder. The treble was critical for indicating volume.  Our evolutionary ears are critical to using a preset equalizer effectively. It allows you to boost specific frequencies that our eyes, ears and memory have developed over hundreds or even thousands of years to hone in on.  This enables you to maximize the impact of the frequencies you are focusing on. A good example would be to boost the low frequencies for getting a good low-end, or boost the highs for getting a snappy hit on the bass.  Another important thing to remember is that EQ is only as good as the data it is loaded with. The algorithms behind these presets are evolving over time. You don
Revelations 21:5 – And I saw in the midst of the firmament upon the earth a great star, and on it was written the name of Jesus....  I always interpret this to mean that a star will come and destroy the earth.  The reason I want to understand this is that is seems unlikely that something so extraordinary would be overlooked or written down.  However, another equally plausible interpretation is that the star is describing that these scriptures are being handed down to us for discernment.  This is not to suggest that there is not a valid argument for either interpretation, just presenting both interpretations.
Black friday is a crappy day for consumers because prices will go up. Companies put deals and discounts on black friday in order to get consumers to spend more money, thus increasing the company's overall profit margin. There's a reason why you don't see company's do deals and sell even more discounted products on Christmas.
Well, it's true that the human period cycle is 28 days because the Earth orbits the sun once in 28 days.  More precisely, the Earth revolves around the sun in a circular orbit called aastroccen.  In the course of this, we go through a complete revolution or cycle around the sun called a TRev.  The Earth's revolution takes 365 1/4 days, or about 28 days.
When you up scale a video from 1080p to 4k it is actually scaling. 1080p is a resolution where each frame of the video is 1080px wide, so if you up scale that video to 4k, every 4096px wide will be 4k pixels wide. If the video is originally 1080p it will have a lot more color depth than what is available in the 4k display so what will happen is it will use a process called sampling to recreate the original color depth of 1080p. Samples in video are basically small square shaped pixels which are colored dots that tell your eye where to place each square shaped dot on the screen so if you have a 1080p monitor your eye will read this as 3 different sized dots which are actually your color pixels, and if you up scale that video from 1080p to 4k those same 3 sized dots will be multiplied to the size of a 4k dot which is what makes it look so big. Samples in video are also not as efficient as you might think. The size of each sample is actually a waste of memory and bandwidth because each sample only uses a small square shape of color and can only show that shape at one time, so if your video is in high detail or has a lot of detail and has a
The War in Iraq, also know as Operation Iraqi Freedom, was launched by President Bush on March 20th 2003. The goal of the war was to dislodge Saddam Hussein's regime from its possession of Kuwait. After a series of military operations spanning from March 20th to December 26th 2003, the coalition defeated the Iraq regime and removed Saddam Hussein from power. The War in Iraq resulted in the liberation of over one million Iraqis from " brutal dictator " Saddam Hussein's control. As a result, many have benefited from an increase in health services, education, and a return to a measure of food security. Unfortunately, a grand total of zero American soldiers have returned with combat honors.
When a watch manufactuer designs a dial and then fills it with Roman numerals it simply does not have a choice as to which numeral to use. When the watch manufacturer fills a dial with Roman numerals they choose from a range of options and select the one that best represents the time displayed on the dial. So IIII is the choice that is made as the Roman numeral for III. If the watch manufacturer were to fill the dial with Roman numerals with the letter IV they would then have a range of choices to chose from for IV. However IV would not be the most logical choice as it does not have any equivalent in Roman numerals to III. There is a II which represents II and IV, however this is not a very good choice as it would not be obvious to the viewer that the displayed number was originally a Roman numeral. IIII would be a better choice than IV.
Scars in the beginning don't heal very well. It is an inflammation and the body naturally produce a collagen and grows extra skin cells in order to close the scar. Wearing support garments like a kimono after the surgery also helps in reducing the swelling and restriction in the movement of the scar.
There are several different processes that could be happening, but the two most common are biological and geological.  For biological processes, living things tend to treat any organic material they come across as a food source. This can include bones that have turned to petroleum over time. If dinosaurs discovered human bones, they would likely try to consume the human bones, in this case leading to the biological process of turning human bones into dinosaur bones.  For geological processes, rocks and soil will often naturally separate over time as Earth's layers move. This can include bones that have turned into petroleum over time. If dinosaurs found living things made of rock, they might naturally eat the rock and be left with no other option but to turn into dinosaur bones.
Our lips serve two primary purposes. They are there to kiss and they are a sign of affection. Other cultures have different beliefs and practices on how and why our lips serve these two functions. To kiss is innately human, but to show affection is a sign of respect and civilization.
There are of course no real scientific studies on this, but in the most basic sense I can imagine that once something has a minimal water balance, it would begin to absorb water and become less firm. I'd imagine something like a buttplug or artificial vagina would be more subject to this effect.
The chokehold used on Eric Garner by NYPD was legal and within department policy. There was conflicting evidence about whether Garner was resisting arrest. Furthermore, NYPD training materials caution officers that "reverting to control holds" when using a restrainer could lead to "combativeness." The justice department is investigating whether to bring criminal charges against the NYPD.
The oldest technical possibility is that in the past for movies there was only 1 cameras and very large screens that recorded the movies in 2D. So the video game technology that was available at the time was recreated. Often more modern 3D graphics were not available and had to look more 3D like because 2D game graphics look far better than the original movies in mind. So 3D game scenes are taken from the original movie with lots of glitches and sometimes even from old movies with 3D. At that time only the (imaginary) sound of a game was added. And since the 1990's more modern recording technology became available. And now a lot of people still like this more modern retro movie game sounds.
Alcohol withdrawal can be more lethal because the body goes into stress mode to try and get rid of the alcohol. When you stop drinking you go into shock and your blood pressure sky rockets.  Your heart rate goes through the roof and your breathing becomes rapid and shallow.  Your pupils also dilate and get over-responsive to light. The body tries to keep alcohol in your system by increasing your blood flow and heart rate.  The body then tries to get rid of the alcohol by either releasing epinephrine (adrenaline) to pump more blood to your gut to take on alcohol, or by metabolizing alcohol to gas for you to inhale and then subsequently vomiting. The combination of these simultaneous attempts at balancing the amount of alcohol in your system with to keep it out is what ultimately can kill you.  But the body is going to do everything in its power to survive this and that means your blood pressure can stay elevated for days if not weeks at a time.
Because healthcare is a human right not a privilege, in Canada it is considered a basic necessity. In Canada you have the choice of where you get your healthcare, whether it be privately or publicly funded. Canada is so lucky to have this choice given how many other countries don't. The privitized healthcare has never worked in the United States. Not only does it fail to deliver affordable, high-quality healthcare, it also causes an increase in cost. The increasing cost of healthcare causes families to lose the healthcare coverage that they have, leading to higher unemployment and an even higher price tag. This type of system is why we have the growing number of Americans who cannot afford health insurance at all. Thus, in America the government has created a healthcare system that is regurgitating old failed policies while completely removing the freedom and choice that Americans enjoyed for years.
The lyrics, which can be found here are full of slang, double entendres, homophones, and obscure references that have no apparent meaning other than to make fun of the time. The song references a lot of New York cultural icons: - The charivari (there's probably a more appropriate term) is a celebration of the cultural life of Paris, occurring on the saint bridae (wedding anniversary) of the Marquis de Sade. - The infamous bowler hat was popularized by Charles Howard Lusk (Yankee Doodle) in a 1920 film directed by and starring Errol Flynn. - Macaroni and cheese is a popular dish made from macaroni and cheese.
The main difference between this landing and the rest is that we landed on a rock, not on dry land, so the translation process was much harder and this made it much harder to have conversations in english and non english. So basically, there was noone listening to us, and there was tension because of that.
Because I watched Revenge, Netflix thinks you might enjoy watching and supporting animals.
We do not need to wipe our asses. Wiping one’s ass with the tail of the humpbacked whale is not a necessity. The whale does not need our cooperation. We do not gain anything from doing this. This is just a byproduct of having opposable thumbs. To understand how complex opposable thumbs are, you have to understand how we evolved opposable thumbs. When we talk about the origins of the human hand, we can divide it into three different time periods. The first period, Homo habilis, lasted from two to three million years. During this time, our two hands had started to increase in complexity by supporting improved finger abilities and forming a more generalized hand. The second period, Homo erectus, lasted from two to three million years. During this time, our two hands were even more improved and developed into a more specialized hand capable of using stones and making sophisticated tools. The final period, Homo sapiens, lasted from a few hundred thousand years to about twelve hundred years, and is known as the modern human period. During this time, our hand changed even further and became specialized to support talking, wearing clothes, and eating vegetables. Because modern humans began to wear clothes, they needed the
Computers can be in two distinct modes. Sleeping and Hibernating. In Sleeping, the computer is in a low power state where nothing is being processed. In Hibernation, the computer processes things but requires more power so it is in the working state of being able to quickly be awoken when required. This is great for battery life as you do not need to keep a computer powered on all the time.
It is a tough question that is still unanswered, but one thing that is known for sure is that, he has signed a multi year contract that will expire in 2021, which means he will not be renewing his contract. I believe it has something to do with 'creative differences', but that is just a speculation.
Let's assume a hospital ( eg. St. Charles hospital in Paris, France ) has a nearby cemetery. As the hospital gets abandoned, the adventurous people travel to the cemetery to get murdered. With the rise of digital  technology, a lot of things have changed.  There is no need to go to a hospital for treatment any more. If you are in urgent need of medical care, there are several mobile apps that will direct you to an expert who can treat you for a price. Some of these apps include :-   medical on call called friend dr stranger morphine  Even students like to access these apps for quick medical assistance without involving a hospital.  Therefore, there is less traffic in the hospital and a lot of the important staff migrate to these online platforms.  However, this also brings new problems as there are fewer workers to attend to the patients who need hospital care. Some of these issues may include :-  - A lot of patients who were attending the hospital may no longer be there - There is no appointment system in the hospital so patients are left unattended for longer periods of time and this leads to increased chances of infection spreading - Since there are fewer workers, the work load also increases so
X - rays are produced when a beam of electrons is hit by a hard ray which breaks the electron into other particles. The other particles react to the surrounding and form X - rays.
It's more expensive because it has more layers of regulation  There are many reasons but the most logical is because in the United States ( US ) milk is a " farm-gate" commodity, which means the farmer delivers the milk to the processor, who in-turn sells the milk to the end-consumer.  As a farm-gate commodity, the price of milk is driven by supply and demand - the more supply, the lower the price. However, the government strictly regulates the minimum price of milk ( essentially "bake it, sell it, milk it" ).  When you consider that milk is a renewable resource, and that milk prices are artificially low due to over-regulation, one can understand why milk is more expensive than gas.
There are many examples where things that were once considered'unimproved'or'odd'- such as birdsong -'suddenly' become popular. However, popularization is probably not the right word to use here, since the primary driver of change seems to be factors such as increased availability of food sources, and increased overall individual fitness - from a reproductive perspective - rather than any form of'selectivity' on the part of the birds.
I'm guessing that "they" are basically feeling threatened by the top 1 % and lower classes who have very large wealth and the so called "systemic "issues they are facing as a result.
The reason is that HTML is a markup language that describes how to render a document on a web browser. It tells the browser how to display the page, where to render it, what style to use for the page and many more. When you open a word file in a web browser (e.g. Internet Explorer, Chrome or Safari), it just opens a document in a default browser mode (usually shown in the task bar, right next to the Windows key). If you open the same file using another application, like a word processing application or a PDF viewer, it probably uses an entirely different and more complex way to render the document.
Nothing in the US constitution prohibits any organization from being a criminal organization. Organizations may espouse beliefs and practices that do not conform to the law, or violate the constitution. It does not follow that because law enforcement knows of these beliefs and practices, that an individual who supports or participates in the organization is thereby engaged in criminal activity. Likewise, it does not follow that because an individual belongs to an organization, that the individual engages in criminal activity.
I don't think I am alone in this perception. Nearly all homeless people I have met are men. Research suggests that anywhere from 80-95% of the homeless population are men.  The origins of homelessness are usually unemployment or problematic relationships with the law which impacts upon the ability to earn an income.  I think that the stigma associated with men being homeless or sleeping rough is much higher than the reality. If a woman were to experience homelessness there would be a lot more sympathy especially as there is less of a struggle to earn an income and there are specific services available to them.
Murder is done with intent to cause death or serious bodily harm. Assassination is done with intent to cause death, while manslaughter is done with intent to cause bodily harm. In some jurisdictions, all three are crimes.
Don't let the sterile issue stop you. Call the local nursery and inquire if they have the seeds for the species you are interested in. This is the most common method of starting a new plant. You can also buy a kit from some online retailers that will contain the seeds, instructions for growing, and what to do if you get an insects on the seeds. I would recommend the online kits because the instructions for growing might not be accurate for that specific species. This is because seeds might not be viable if that method is not used by the species for growing.
They are simply simply looking for tech that was available when the guitar amp was first created ( late 60s early 70s). I do not think there is a other purpose for using valves.
Snow does cause a quiet period in a world where sounds bounce off of the ground, and travel great distances.  When snowflakes accumulate and freeze, the particles in suspension act as a scatterer, and reduce the amplitude of sounds we are used to taking for granted, from car tires rolling over gravel to a siren in a distance.
This is most likely caused by lack of blood flow to the nerves, and muscles, this leads to a lack of sensory stimuli from the brain.
No, diplomats can't do whatever they want (of course this is not a legal document, but would be a bad idea to let them loose in a city!). However, they can perform their diplomatic mission, which is to minimize violence between the countries involved and to solve disputes between the parties. Thus, in theory, they can do everything except kill or commit actual acts of violence.
Ohh.. so sweet. I'm so glad you asked. I will try my best to explain it to you. When you send a signal to a television, that signal is initially sent by modulating a electron beam that scans the screen, leaving trails of light. These trails can be either phosphor that catch the light and produce the image, or electro magnets which repel the electric field and form an image on the screen.  Each light emitter (photoresistor, liquid crystal, phosphor) has a certain degree of precision. Hence the electron beam has to follow the desired trail with precision. Imagine if you tried to write 'hello' on a paper with a pen. While the pen can form the 'l' with precision, the size of the 'h' or the 'e' is determined by the size of the pen, the paper and the material of the paper. The electron beam is similar. It's energy determines the size of the spot, the spot size is determined by the size of the beam, hence the'spot' which covers the desired part of the screen. The spot has to be exactly in the right position on the screen. If not the electron beam will trace a different shape than the 'hello', which is not preferable. Hence the
To protect the innocent.
The solid fuel which burns in the engine contains tethers that burn upon compression and create gases that fill up the inside of the cone.  The gases are pulled out of the cone by the moving tether which is made of molybdenum, a very hard material.  The hard material is what wears down after a few launches.  The material inside the cone is soft, made of Tritium which burns with a lot of energy but does not have the same wear resisibility as molybdenum.
Persian rugs are laid down for warmth, they have small tufts on them that move around and make a gentle noise that helps add to the ambience of the recording studio or the playing space of a band. It actually makes a real difference. There is a reason bands that don't use them, use them.
Have you ever peeled an egg and found large chunks of shell in your egg white? That is exactly what happens when you use the hard-boiled method to produce an egg white. The hard-boiled method involves immersing the egg white in a bowl of hot water (approximately 80 degrees) for a few minutes to get it really cold and then peeling it. Unfortunately the cold water causes the yolk to solidify and the cold water itself can scratch your hands.  On the other hand, using an alternative method (known as the30 second method) of cooking an egg actually causes the egg white to “boil” which means the liquid inside evaporates and pushes the egg white apart. This way you do not need to bring the egg white to a boil in hot water. All you need is a pan on low heat and an egg on the pan.
In an effort to improve your driving habits and drive safety, it is good to remember that the clutch is down in a manual transmission car before you start to apply the brake or depress the clutch in order to stop your car. The clutch is down before you want to stop your car because if you want to stop your car, you need to first get the engine to stop first by reducing the power (throttling), and then you use the clutch to gear down the motor so you can stop your car by disengaging the clutch.  So before you start applying the brakes / depress the clutch to stop your car, you want to make sure the engine is Idle or near it so you don't cause the engine to stall if you abruptly stop your car.
As part of the process of burning to death, it is very important that all of the body's heat escape routes, which are an important feature of the dead, are broken down, blocked or altered in some way so the person dies from hypovolemic shock. This is achieved by loss of blood from internally derived blood, blood lost from the surface of the skin (including sweat), and through hemorrhage into the airways ( larynx ) or from a damaged major blood vessel. It is also worth noting that upon heating, the fat in the person's body as well as the fat within their burned bodies, will release free fatty acids which will further exacerbate the hypovolemic shock.
Because the city of Omaha is the 4th largest city in the USA and they offer tax rebates to companies locating in Omaha which incentivize companies to move here.
In the NFL, there is a division of teams that are competitive and the rest. The teams that are less competitive will be replaced due to turnover in the roster, free agents, and other factors. So some of the factors contributing to variance in team records from year to year include roster turnover, injuries, and free agents.
Eating animal products is a harming the animals as it contributes to their degradation. Becoming vegetarian will actually help the animals because it reduces the population of those products needed to sustain the animal. Without those products, they will die. Also, the method of slaughter has always been very painful, and animals do not possess the mental capacity to suffer. Being vegetarian helps animals by lessening the population needed to sustain the animal and the pain that comes with it.
TJ Maxx was the original name for the store. It was changed to TK Maxx when a child died at the company’s flagship store in Knightsbridge, London, and the name of the store was changed to honor his memory.
Wood in the context of a dimensional lumber product typically refers to a nominal, or factory, size, which is size written as 2"x4" or 2"x6". These sizes are used by manufacturing companies to cut wood into larger products such as pieces of lumber that are wider than 2 inches (51mm) and deeper than 2 inches. There are many sizes of wood used in construction. For example, actual size of lumber cut for a 2' x 8' deck may be 1.75" x 3.5". This is because the lumber, which would be cut as a 2"x8", would need to be cut to 3"x8" and then 1.75"x3.5" cuts can be made from that. These sizes (nominal and actual) are the same physical length but vary in width.
I don't really know if this is an Internet-exclusive phenomenon. Mostly it comes down to genetics and hormone levels, which differ between the genders.  Girls, on the other hand, have a much better chance to maintain a steady weight if they enjoy healthy, balanced diets and do a lot of walking, if the father of the bride is in attendance, or if there's enough booze at the reception.  In other words, there are a few external forces that help girls lose weight. On average, girls tend to have a better diet and are more physically active than boys, so it's harder for them to lose weight.
It's really quite simple actually.  There are about 2.8 billion Muslims on earth, and even though they might outwardly appear peaceful and loving, underneath they are full of rage and hostility.  One has only to look at the Koran for countless pages on the evils of "images" of Muhammad, his wife Aisha, or any of the great men of the past in general, and their disgusting ways. A further reason is that people in the medieval world would've looked at paintings of these people and thought they were real.  There are also those who revere these figures and wish to protect them, so imposing modern censorship would only add insult to injury.
Humans were not the first species to domesticate metals. Acerte   simile Cineres Fossil of a large New Zealand wombat (vombat) found in the Judith neighborhood of San Diego  has revealed that the wombat was definitely not the first marsupial to learn how to smelt iron. Wombats were probably attracted to the nice cool temperatures of the pits and started smelting iron in them. Not a bad idea, and certainly better than chasing after acorns! The iron in the wats was then extracted by hominids.
Space creatures would definitely eat and drink similar to the planet they live on.  Unfortunately, there is no gravity so there would be no need to bring anything with you to eat or drink from.  Food and drinks would float around and since they are pretty pure elements no problems with floating bacteria or contamination.
You might be tempted to purchase an identity theft insurance policy but the coverage might not be valid for a number of reasons. It is always a good idea to consult a lawyer about any insurance coverage questions. If you're concerned that an identity theft has actually taken place, you can file a police report and alert the appropriate credit agencies so that they can prevent your accounts from being fraudulently charged. The FBI provides advice on how to detect and defend against identity theft on their website.
Our eyes have a limited field of view. It can rotate 270 degrees but there is an obstruction somewhere in the visual field that our brain tries to ignore. So when we try to look in two different directions at the same time our brain blends the images from both directions into a single image. We cannot look into the far distance while also attempting to read this question. Sorry, that won't work.
Compressing files has been done since the dawn of man.  Computers had compilers that could transform code from one language to another, to make it faster.  The Algol 60 compiler was the first to be designed to work in a time-shared computer, to run different programs on different cores simultaneously.  So programmers could get the benefits of both worlds - good code generation and compilation. Compression algorithms keep improving.  What seems like a good compression algorithm now, may not be decades later.  A better algorithm for a given set of data can be found.  The mathematical theory of compression algorithms keep improving as well.   If we look at the first audio and video files (made on computers) back in the 60s, you can see that they are very simple.  They are just raw images and sounds.  This is where the latest improvements in coding theory come in.  It was found that if you encode a video stream as a collection of groups of pictures (called 'coded blocks'), the human brain is very good at understanding the video when you have grouped pictures together.  If you can compress that down to a smaller number of blocks, you can get better compression and lower bit rate.  So what we look for are '
Hypnotism is a mind -power that can be used to perform mental and physical feats.  The mind power in Hypnotism can be trained by doing many exercises, the most common one is to visualize an object or person you want to make to do certain things. Once the mind power is trained, you can use it in different ways: 1- you can use it to give a speech in front of a crowd, make a phone ring or perform some other mental exercise. 2- you can use it to bring back memories of a person or event, and let him/her to share some feelings. This is very useful for the survivors of trauma who want to express their feeling. 3- you can use it to help a person to do physical or mental exercise and get better results.
Space shuttle launches look slow because the curvature of the Earth is represented in the screen projection. This means that the distance from the screen to the spacecraft is represented as a longer distance than it really is. So the image ends up looking like it is traveling more slowly than it really is.
The reasons why the flat circle coin seems to be the universal shape of currency are the following : 1. it's cheap to produce 2. it can be printed relatively quickly 3. it's difficult to counterfeit 4. it's easy to handle, for example easier to transport by ship, easier to hide in luggage, easier to package into a riot protection unit
Yes, twins that make a baby will look alike
It's probably because the dog is facing away from you and thinks she is losing face in front of you, also the dog may think it's better to look at you and get the treat than to stare at the floor or the sky. Also, maybe the dog does this whenever it's cold because it's easier to stop itself when the outside temperature is low.
I do not know. I've not attended a high school but the logos look like they belong in a professional sports league and not in a school in Indiana.
Most people don't realize there is a psychological reason why people become outraged at another persons sexual preferences.  In everyday life we rarely interact with a complete stranger.  We know someone is going to the grocery store with whom we have a relationship. We know someone else is buying our gas. Someone might babysit our kids. We know someone else is going to replace our broken toaster.  On a deeper level, we know that people in general are inherently predictable. We know how our friends will act in certain situations. When we go to a cocktail party or a wedding and people introduce themselves to us, it is not uncommon for us to make friends with a lot of people pretty quickly. Even if we don't know them, we can predict that most of the people we will be around will be similar to the people we already know and interact with and will likely follow similar social norms and mores. The same goes for sexual practices.  We know that most people tend to behave in a certain manner when it comes to their private sexual practices. For example, people who are sexually active in their 20's and 30's tend to have a high rate of fertility and tend to marry people who have similar fertility levels.  One of the reasons we
The BBC announced that BBC Three would be phased out in 2023, and replaced by BBC World News. This change was made to align the channels more closely with BBC One, Two, and Four, and to increase the number of channels the corporation offered.
Standoffs are metal pillars that act as a spacer to ensure you have a clear path from the CPU to the heatsink. Without standoffs, the CPU heatsink will touch the case chassis. CPUs are incredibly finicky and will likely overheat and damage quickly.
In the United States, in order to receive a refund on your purchase from Amazon.com, you must have originally purchased the product from an authorized retailer.  This means that the manufacturer does not ship the product directly to Amazon.com and does not bear the risk of loss or damage in connection with the shipment.  The manufacturer relies on the retailers to provide theAmazon.com service and to refund any purchase that is not received in a satisfactory condition.  Amazon.com, Inc. is a Delaware corporation headquartered in Seattle, Washington, and has a branch office located at 2100 SW All Rating Rd., Suite 200, Phoenix, Arizona 85004.  If you purchased the product from an authorized retailer, you may receive a refund if:  (a) you return the product to the retailer, (b) the product develops a fault within the warranty period, and (c) the retailer notifies Amazon.com.com within 30 days from the date of delivery of the fault.  While I cannot speak to your specific case, you are encouraged to investigate any claims you have under your warranty.
Many phone technologies (phones, predictive texting, machine learning, etc.) work by having examples of correct text to be trained on. In the case of predictive text, the database is the internet. With the advent of Twitter and other social media platforms, more and more people are submitting the proper spelling of words as they're said, so the technology gets better at figuring out what's supposed to be said.  However, there are typos that just aren't in the dataset. For example, when you say hell in the predictive text, it'll likely say Hallelujah instead.  When you type an incorrect word, though, all bets are off. You could type something like gay, or you could type something that isn't a word, or a series of words. And to many humans, any of those sounds pretty wrong.
No, and for all we know they don't. Sources suggest the shooter is dead, the attack had nothing to do with politics and it was possibly inspired by similar attacks done in other countries.
When a man inflicts physical or mental harm on a woman, her body tries to protect herself. It's in her best interest to let the man know that she does not wish to be with him any longer and that she has moved on and intends to seek out a new relationship. However, this realization is likely to come as a great shock to the man and make him feel frustrated and angry. As a result of this, he may experience the urge to increase the intensity and frequency of his abusive behavior to try and regain her affection and attention. This is called the rebound effect. The man actually begins to feel bad for hurting the woman in his life, so he tries even harder to hurt her to make her love him again. The cycle continues until the woman leaves the man and finds a new relationship with someone who does not exhibit abuse symptoms, in which case the man is seen as a 'friend' who made a mistake. This phenomenon is referred to as the turnabout effect.
The UK government sets different retirement ages for women and men. Currently, women in the UK over the age of 55 years can retire, but men over the age of 65 years cannot. This is due to the gender pay gap. Men in the UK earn 14% less than women for equivalent work. The question arises, if you are a man, do you need to work until you are 70 years old? What about if you are a woman? Who is supposed to set the retirement age?
The way we say 10 pounds is pounds 10. The way we say 10 is ten. That is a difference in how you pronounce the numbers. When we say 10 pounds we are actually expressing ten pounds. This is because pounds is a unit of weight. We would not express weight of ten pounds. So we say pounds 10 to express ten pounds.
It's definitely not less cool. There is more to it. Legalizing marijuana is estimated to have saved the country hundreds of billions of dollars in policing, incarceration, and health care costs. It's impossible to determine exactly what has caused this decrease in youth usage but one theory is that states with legalized marijuana created regulatory bodies that provide age checks, safety training, and other protections that discourage use by young people.
It is not considered as cruel to kill insects because insects are just not sentient. What this means is that insects feel no pain, do not suffer, do not have conscious experiences and therefore it is not cruel to kill them. The important part is that the killing of insects will not impact on the environment. In fact it will help save it. While killing insects will not be considered as cruelty, the killing of animals which are considered as sentient (e.g. cows, chickens, pigs etc) will be considered as cruel as it impacts on the environment and humans.
The United States Constitution states that "the Submerged Lands Act states that any State that lacks jurisdiction over such lands loses jurisdiction" over them. This means that, in the case of an island found in international waters, the U.S. government would have jurisdiction and the island would be part of the U.S.
I would not blame it on the planet that humans began covering up their "private " bits. It is more likely that such fixation emerged as a byproduct of human evolution. The human body is a fairly alien one to the naked eye. Despite being made up of cells that are quite similar to any other living thing, the human body is frail and has certain requirements that might at times come across as odd or even threatening. One such requirement is the human body undergoes rigorous changes in terms of sexuality as it undergoes maturation. Specifically the glands that produce pheromones to bring about sexual behavior undergo changes. This process leads to the secretion of higher quantities of pheromones which in turn attract the opposite gender and hence the need for the production of more pheromones. In short, the body goes through a process of change that is completely irregular and erratic which in turn leads to a certain degree of apprehension and hence some level of suppression. If there is one thing more sinister than the profligate production of pheromones by the body it is the fact that these pheromones in effect become part of the human body itself. The idea of hiding " their own " "parts " may seem childish to us now. However, this kind of genetic symbiosis that
In the army, the NCO is the lowest rank of an officer. They are typically below the rank of lance corporal. An NCO will typically command a platoon of soldiers. An NCO will also typically serve as an infantryman (but not always). An NCO will also typically carry an M16 rifle and be a soldier (some may say unofficer like in the army). However, unlike a commissioned officer, NCO will typically not get a gold beret or any other fancy insignia.
Yeah, well, that's an actually very interesting question. First off, here are some generalities: 1 - When a spider bites you, the venom goes into your bloodstream. The venom kills the cells of your dermis layer (layer of the skin) and enters your bloodstream. 2 - The venom that enters your bloodstream inhibits the contraction of your smooth muscle cells, and the sphingomyelinases that are in your cells do not have enough energy to properly work. Without the enzymes being able to work properly, there is not enough energy to be able to properly use energy, which is converted into adenosine triphosphate (ATP), the "power" of your cells. Without enough energy, your cells cannot contract, and this means they cannot do their job of killing you (via your immune system), which eventually will result in your death. So, the "death" by a spider bite is caused by the venom acting on your cells, and the lack of energy to properly use adenosine triphosphate.
Colleges in the United States are organizations or entities that grant bachelor's degrees (or higher) and typically accept fewer than 300 students per year.  Undergraduate students are typically enrolled in courses during the academic year.  There are also graduate schools which have fewer students and only offer a master's or doctorate degree.  Other institutions that are not typically considered universities include junior colleges, which are not undergraduate institutions, but rather colleges for students who have not finished high school.  Junior colleges can offer associate degrees (or less commonly, bachelors degrees).
Of course, lawyers must always keep the confidences of their clients. And it doesn't matter how serious the crime is. As long as that lawyer is doing good for their client, they would be punished for telling the truth.
The Affordable Care Act or ACA is a law that was passed in 2010. Its purpose is to provide basic health care to all Americans through government-sponsored insurance marketsplaces. It was preceded by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, passed in March 2010. The ACA uses taxes and penalties to encourage individuals and employers to purchase health insurance or otherwise comply with the requirements. It has been credited with providing insurance for millions of Americans who were previously without coverage. However, it has also been the target of intense criticism from conservative activists and groups. These have claimed that it will destroy the insurance industry, cause undue costs to individuals and smaller businesses, raise health care costs for American consumers and that it is unconstitutional.
Ouch! That isnt a fun question. Here is what i can guess : - You may feel some excruciating pain.  - As the water is going into your system, it will burn as your blood pressure rises to try and get the water out. As the water isnt staying in your veins because of your blood pressure, it will simply flow back into the syringe and the flow of water in your system might lead to some severe volume effect. Meaning some parts of your body may swell up more than others, you might feel excruciating pain in parts that are not used to any pain.  - Even if you survive the pain and swell up, you are going to die. Because your body temperature drops and you suffer from hypovolemic shock as your blood volume decreases. Your organs, being of a different fluid to your blood, might stop working. You will not even be able to feel any pain because your body has shut down.  - But let me ask you this, what if the water had some effect? What if it contained some drug, a drug that allowed you to survive, to feel pain, to keep your blood pressure down and allowed your heart to keep functioning? The syringes full of water
Many psychological studies indicate that we adapt the ending of a story according to the ending of the previous story. This is why you often have the same scenario of a car accident, or losing your job in your dreams, or receiving a strange phone call in your dreams. This process is called linear patterning. According to this theory your mind scans through a story of emotions like waking life and once it reaches the appropriate ending it realizes the same story should end there and thus associates it with that ending.
I don't know about you, but I get the "pee shivers" when I'm nervous, excited, or experiencing cold and flu-like symptoms.  Scientists believe that our bodies begin to form goose bumps when the perspiration glands in our hands produce an enhanced amount of sweat due to nervousness or excitement.
If Apple went out of business, all of your digital files would be lost.
According to Psychology Today, " Crying is the brain's way of releasing feel bad feelings such as sadness, anger or anxiety. " There are multiple reasons why we can cry. Some of the most common are:1. Physical pain  2. Illness  3. Grief  The release of hormones such as the Serotonin (which also causes a " huggy " feeling ) sends signals to the part of the brain that controls the tear duct to release tiny tears.  This is why babies and small children oftencry, because their hormones are still under development.  If you're ever in a car accident or something similar that causes your body or brain to release stress hormones, it's possible you may start tocry.  Crying can be very healthy for your body, but when it starts tooccur more than is healthy it's time to talk to a therapist about it
Because the ink in printers tend to dry faster on one side than the other. This causes the uneven part of the paper to fold and the middle part to be empty. The person with the printer ( student or teacher ) folds this bottom part of the paper up and places it under the leg with the dry side up, so the fold lines are on the dry side of the paper.
I am here to help. I know this is a very common question and the answer is : he is not trying to impress you. He is just an innocent creature. Circular movement while voiding is normal. Some animals do it differently and some do it more and some less. I personally don't understand this urge. My dog does not like to be rushed so the circular movement while voiding is a sure sign that he is worried. He might have an appointment to go to. If you feel uncomfortable or annoyed with his behavior, do your best to ignore him. Take him for a walk. Make love. Whatever it takes. Eventually he will get the message. He will probably start using the toilet like a normal dog.
One hypothesis is that our very distant ancestors were in relationships with other organisms that they hunted and thus associated those behaviors with the sexes of the organism. It made sense for them to use these associations in communicating with each other.  A second hypothesis is that it helped to separate children from their parents. Many children were left alone for long periods of time in the form of mothers staying at the nest to care for eggs or young. Separating them from the parents helped in the child's development.  A third hypothesis is that gender is merely a product of how people describe objects or persons in gender specific ways .
The hubble telescope takes pictures of our galaxy by orbiting earth and looking down on it. By studying how much light from distant galaxies is offset to the direction of the earth's own sun, we are able to determine their distances. We then use that information to construct a three dimensional map of the Universe, showing how these galaxies are spread across the large space.
I can't believe this happened in America. I think it's barbaric. This is what happens when you allow anyone to buy a gun.
Your mother doesn't understand the appropriate answer to this question. She also doesn't understand babies. Instead, she relies on the flawed theory that babies are actually puppies who have not yet reached maturity. This theory, while entertaining at the child's level, is grossly inaccurate and provides no help to the new mom.  To better understand this phenomenon, it is important to understand that babies are not puppies. Babies do not have puppy-dog teeth or puppy eyes. Babies do not lick their eyes, snuffle their noses, and drool at the slightest provocation. Puppies do not have fingernails. Babies cannot swim. Babies's nappy is not waterproof. Babies cannot sit up by themselves. Babies do not need to be fed every three hours. Babies are not even full grown at nine months.  So, when a baby first emerges from the womb, it is neither "wrinkly" nor ready for the outside world. Its lack of external surfaces and many of its internal organs are still undergoing rapid development, causing them to lag behind their rapidly developing mental abilities. As such, babies, in order to continue growing, spend the first nine months of their lives in a state
Omaha! Omaha! Omaha!... Omaha!
The most likely explanation is that pre-history was a fairly promiscuous affair, with the vast majority of societies "sexually" reproducing at a very high level. Many organisms do best when they can gain benefit from behavioral or physical adaptations that increase their probability of survival. Thus, the widespread aversion to sex is an extremely successful psychological adaptation that has persisted over the course of hundreds if not thousands of generations. It could be that a human with low levels of aversion to sex will not have as many mate-guarding behaviors, resulting in lower genetic fitness and thus be less likely to survive than a human with higher levels of aversion to sex. This could, of course, be entirely due to chance, and there is no psychological evidence that a higher aversion to sex is beneficial, although this is perhaps the simplest, most economical explanation. I'm not sure I believe this though. I suspect another factor could be the likely negative consequences of promiscuity - increased risk of getting AIDS, hepatitis, and other sexually-transmitted diseases. This probably is not sufficient to explain the aversion to sex in pre-history, but it could help to create a cultural aversion to promiscuity due to the bad press and increased risk that comes with it. Unfortunately
Because the FDA classified them as tobacco products, they are illegal to sell or give to people under the age of 18.
When you're trying to pick up women, you'll often find yourself in a bar, coffee shop, etc. with a group of people, all of whom are also trying to pick up women. If a wingman is nearby, he or she will be your designated "friend" who you can hang out with to talk to the women you're trying to impress. A wingman will introduce you to the women you're trying to talk to, and listen intently when you speak to them. Your wingman will be your "friend" who will not judge you or make you feel awkward.
There is no way to know if two snowflakes are the same based on their appearance. Each snowflake is unique. However, all snowflakes have several similarities. They are roughly the same size with the same shape. They have a flat base, a tall thin tip and a rounded front side. Snowflakes are made of ice, so they share some similarities with rain drops. They are crystalline, which is shaped like a little box. The density of snow is similar to that of water. And lastly, snowflakes have had the same design for thousands of years.
They had budget cuts and the existing space shuttle wasn't fast enough to get Orion ready for flight. The Orion system requires more time and resources to build and upgrade the space shuttle was not able to handle it.
If different races can have different dominant physical traits, why can't they have dominant mental traits as well?   What makes you think that only physical traits can be dominant? Races can also have dominant mental traits. Humans have large species-specific differences in intelligence, and this has been shown to hold true across different species as well as within humans themselves.
Shyness is more a state of mind than an actual physical barrier. The root of shyness lies in the concept of social anxiety. The feeling of anxiety associated with social situations - where other people are present and potentially viewing you - influences a lot of the thoughts and behaviours of shy people. An example of how people with social anxiety might behave would be avoiding social situations and staying at home instead - this is because they are worried about what other people will think of them if they go out and about in public. In more extreme cases, someone with social anxiety could be treated like a criminal and locked away from the rest of society.
Phones, especially older models, had speaker that emits high frequency noises that confused the machine for sending coins. This may help to answer the question but a more likely answer is that older cell phones didn't have a charging port and your battery will drain while you are trying to pay with coins, blocking the gas pump from filling up.
Yes, falling prices can indicate economic growth, and generally speaking it's true. But that's not always the case. Countries that rely primarily on commodities for their GDP (like Qatar does) tend to be more vulnerable to commodity price fluctuations.
There are various ways to do that. The way I do it is by opening the.rar file in 7zip. You can also right click on the.rar file, and select Extract to folder. Then copy the folder into your computer, and do whatever you need to do with the contents.
Well, this is entirely depends on how you died and how you are maintained in space. However, there's no telling how long it could take for your body to decompose. But there is a good chance that your body will decompose if you were in a crude manner.
Scientists have had a snowflake in their lab for a few decades and have been trying to duplicate its composition to figure out what makes it special. I don't know what makes you think that it is the size of a peppercorn.
Most countries issues passports are controlled by governments, and are issued to citizens on a largely discretionary basis. A passport is a government-controlled document with very limited use outside of government.  A government issues a passport to a specific person with the intent that person use their passport to travel, and possibly interact with other government officials, during their lifetime. Only a few government issued documents can bearer wealth, and a passport is one of those. Passports are usually inexpensive compared to the other government-issued documents, which is why they can be sold and trade for money.  I am not aware of any technological factors that contribute to the value of passports.
You should dress less if the temperature is below zero. You should dress more if the temperature is above 50.
Inflation is very bad for a few reasons.  First and most important is that it makes the Price of Stuff you buy ever increasing,  That alone can make your daily expenditures quite costly.  Second is that inflation actually diminishes the value of money over time.  To understand this imagine you're visiting grandma and you have $20,  you spend $15 to see the exhibit at the museum, the exhibit was $30 so now you spent $30 + $15 = 45.  Your grandma, spends $30 + $20 = 50, your $15 is now $15 + $20 = 45, your money has just disappeared into thin air.  This loss in value over time is a major cause of the Great Depression that happened in the 1930's,  In the short term inflation can also make your money poorer.  If you're a saver inflation can actually make your money go further by helping you manage your consumption.
Cruising, for lack of a better term, is riding a bicycle without the proper pedals, gears, or break needed for exercise. When a bicycle is cruising, the rider is essentially going for a ride, but will go faster than the traffic speed limit, which is around 10 miles per hour. Cruising is generally discouraged due to the risk of an accident. In 2010, Connecticut became the first state to pass a law making cruising illegal due to the numerous documented injuries resulting from cyclists traveling above the posted limit. Currently there is no mandatory punishment for riders who cruised before the passing of the law, but failure to provide a valid ticket would result in a $500 fine. Cruising is not only dangerous, but also illegal.
The exact answer is a mystery, and is probably tied to the human hearing ability and are only capable of hearing sounds that can be defined as distinct in frequency. The number 4 frequency difference is easily identifiable to human hearing. While there are variations in how humans actually interpret frequency, human beings have evolved over the years to be especially good at hearing the number 4 difference, and thus are naturally attracted to 4 bar music rhythms.
When a medicine reaches its expiry date, the formula has been found to be less stable and chemically changed. This means there is a reduced shelf-life and the medicine may no longer have the active ingredients or could have different active ingredients.  Even though the expiry date will have been printed on the packaging,it is no longer an assurance that the product is entirely as described.  Always read the packaging before you use a medicine. If unsure, ask the pharmacist or your GP.
I don't think it would be an issue.  If you take a breath of air, your lungs have to fill with air first before it can be exhaled, so they wouldn't empty out the atmosphere in a quick manner.  If there is no vacuum, there is no need for the lungs to fill with air, so maybe we could have some of the creatures living in outer space enjoy the oxygen for a while longer.
Thigh gap is an anatomical term used to describe the space between the hips and the knees of a person.  It's usually thought of as an "improper" posture or stance, as opposed to a proper "calf gap" stance, which is a way of standing with one's feet squared and knees and hips aligned directly over one's ankles.  While it's not necessarily a thing that's attractive, it is a posture that is commonly used by many people for a variety of reasons, ranging from ease of movement to health and wellbeing.  There's also evidence to suggest that it may be associated with decreases in levels of stress and anxiety.  So, in short, there may be a few layers of'meh' attached to the word 'gaping', but that is not necessarily negative, and the "gaping" movement has surely contributed to making certain activities that typically require a proper "calf gap" stance (such as swimming) a bit more comfortable for people with a gap.  A related term to 'gaping' is 'hip gap', which is another way of describing the space between the hips and knees.  Again, while it's not necessarily positive, there is certainly some evidence to suggest that engaging in movements that require the
Your parents would have to be millionaires before you can avoid inheritance tax because if you were a millionaire you would never inherit money. However, if your parents were not millionaires then you could avoid inheritance tax by going to a casino and winning their money in a poker game.
China is a Presidential dictatorship. The head of state is the president, who is elected for a four year term by the Chinese People. The president is both the commander in chief and head of government. There are a variety of government organs, but no multi-party parliamentary system. The Communist Party of China plays a key role in the governance, with an approximate personell of 76 million and influence in almost every aspect of Chinese society.
Because electric motors produce less torque under acceleration, and trucks do a lot of acceleration. Trains don't have to worry about destroying themselves or people because they are attached to a diesel generator, which produces enough torque to overcome the motor torque under acceleration.
The genetic information in a cell contains coding for amino acids which form the basis of your animal's physical structure and make it look and act the way it does. If you took that single cell and reproduced it again, you'd get a genetically identical copy of the original dog, except for the slight variation in the coding for the amino acids. That coding is what makes it look and act the way it does. So the genetic information is identical but the physical structure is different.
The origins of the international UTC time zone dates back to the 15th century, with introduction of daylight saving in the mid 20th century. These are largely historical and technical, and have served the modern world well. Historically, the world's first time zones started to emerge in the 15th century, with the coordination of astronomy and calendar systems. This led to the establishment of different times for day length according to location.   Our modern reliance on digital clocks and communication devices that use the UTC time standard can now adjust for this time zone difference without the need for a time zone. This works in part because digital devices store clock time as a count of the cycle of a satellite based atomic clock. This is stable and accurate to a few milliseconds. Since atomic clocks use a sequence of regular pulses sent from a satellite, and the speed of light is consistent across the globe, it makes perfect sense to use this as the universal time standard.   In a nutshell, without time zones, we would need to adjust for the time differences between the locations in our digital or analogue clocks. This doesn't add up since no matter what time zone you are in, the digital clock readout is showing the same time.
Lobotomized is a surgical procedure where part of the brain is removed to help patients with mental disorders. Saw something on the front page about this
- The economy added 90k jobs in March - Average hours worked per employee increased by 0.2 hours - People are looking for new job and dropping out of the labor force
NBC, as a non profit organization doesn't have to disclose its donors unlike a corporation. NBC's parent company, General Electric, is one of the most famous and financially lucrative corporations in the world who's CEO Jeff Immelt has donated a lot of money to political candidates and causes. This type of corporate sponsorship of news is a very controversial and could be perceived as a form of propaganda. Don't be fooled by the propaganda. The mainstream news is full of propaganda. Check out RT, Sputnik and the one sided BBC.
Pain and pleasure can bring out primal instinct for survival in all animals. Pain not only causes tissue damage but also danger to the animal by making the organism more exposed to predators and other threats. Pain also decreases for survival instinct. Sexual pleasure or intense physical pain causes a release of endorphins in the body which reduce the amount of "pain" or stress the body experiences. This in return makes the body ready for more of the same, leading to a need to refill the pleasure tank or refill the tank with additional pain. This is why some animals can become addicted to both extreme pain and extreme pleasure.
Utorrent is the king of all torrent programs in the Windows 10 platform. It supports both the Windows 10 platform as well as the Ubuntu Linux operating system. It is a popular BitTorrent client with the ability to download torrent files in the background, independently of your internet connection.  The transmission bitTorrent client is another popular BitTorrent client for Linux and Windows.  There are numerous vulnerabilities with both the applications and the underlying code base which could allow an attacker remote code execution.  There are multiple advisory links available to get the latest updates of the vulnerabilities.  https://www.torrentfreak.com/utorrent-hits-vulnerability-update-alert-150815/
In the U.S, there are three primary revenue streams for music: 1) the artist or performer 2) the recording company or publisher and 3) the performer's commercial publisher. These three parties split the music royalties based on the portion played and who performed the work.
Simply put, buildings are not smart.
I'm glad you asked!  There is nothing in the world that a man or a woman can do to stop time. However, there are factors that can make your life shorter than average, including your biological age.   For example, the average life expectancy for a man in the developed world is 83 years old. That means there are approximately 14 years where no biological process could have you alive.   Another factor is climate change. Rising temperatures can have adverse effects on human health and longevity.   Some people speculate that it's because men are 'assertive', leading more active lives, and might live longer because they avoided the 'nice guy' myth, which women subscribe to, leading to less social interactions and negative health effects.
advanced math like calculus or trigonometry are not compatible with the standard western numeral system. However, a subset of advanced math can be expressed using the numeral system in mathematics rolled out by the Maya. For example, the basic formula for calculating the area of a triangle could be expressed as 4 * base * height, where base and height are both expressed in units of the Maya numeral system. This is a subset of advanced mathematics because it does not include such topics as calculus. Additionally, it's worth noting that advanced mathematics was typically developed in pre-Columbian Mesoamerican civilizations, which include many regions historically known as Mesoamerica. However, the name Mesoamerica actually denotes a geographic region that largely does not include Mexico or the Maya region in present-day Guatemala.
It actually used to be that a two weeks notice was required by law. Back in the 1970s, working Americans were trying to keep their jobs during a time of high inflation and high unemployment. However, the law was designed for a time when everyone had a job and everyone was happy. So the notice requirement was turned into a minimum requirement.  Fast forward to the present day. Unhappy employees may want to quit their job, and they may need to go into hock to cover their bills or put food on the table. They may have been looking for a new job for a long time before finally giving notice. Sometimes, the notice given is only a day or two before the worker pulls the plug on the job application process and calls all the lawyer contacts they have in the hopes of landing another job soon. This makes it impossible for the employee to give two weeks' notice.  So in order to make sure ungrateful employees still have time to either turn in a final resignation form or pack up their boxes to go home, companies keep their promise not to fire workers.
Water going up your nose as a result of taking a shower or diving into a swimming pool is the result of the sudden increase in  volume and velocity of fluid going into your nasal passages. This increase in velocity can cause fluid to get pushed backwards out of your nose and  up into your throat and mouth. As the fluid moves upwards it compresses your soft tissue in your face and neck leading to the feeling of pressure in your throat and face. As fluid starts to leave your nose it loses volume and volume correlates to pressure which again can lead to the feeling of horrible burning in your nose and eyes. The fluid that is pushing up into your throat is now acting as a vacuum forcing more fluid out of your nasal passages and as this happens your soft tissue starts to stretch and if not for the fluid supporting your face it could lead to your jaw and facial bones dropping down and potentially breaking.
They have several strategies to sell the products for the same price as the Apple site : 1) Using ads in the national newspapers such as the London Times or the Wall Street Journal to show you the Apple site and the competing options. You can tell the ad agency what the costs of the ad will be and they will bid the price against any other ad agency. For instance, you can find an ad for an iPod shuffle for the princely sum of £4.39 which will run in the Wall Street Journal for £4.79, a whopping 10 pence difference.   2) Directly contacting the customers to try to sell them the competing product, they do this by offering a prize such as a free iPod for customer to try the competing product.  3) Leveraging the brand authority that Apple has created over the years to market the competing product (such as Blippar) which uses AI to give the customer a simulated experience of using the competing product.
It's true that many businesses can process an order within a day or two.  For products that are very large, complicated, or require special shipping arrangements like glacier or ocean freight, it's usually not practical to process the order within a single day.    It's not unusual for an order to require more than a week for delivery, especially if the order requires special packaging or the product is on a transport that is glacier or ocean freight.
The semi colon is used to separate statements in a sentence. For example : " I don't know why, but all my attempts to learn the semi colon have been a total fail."
Saliva carries viruses and bacteria that might make your breath smell a little funny. When you kiss someone, the saliva mixes with the viruses and bacteria from your partner's mouth, making your breath smell a little bit better.
Not sure, I do not know the answer to this. I hope people are being violently arrested by police more frequently, because if that's not the case I do not want to live in a world where being openly non-violent is the only reasonable option. The more non-violent, direct and civil means of effecting change are the only ones that will succeed in an atomized society with a hyper-competitive news cycle.
In sports, and especially in hockey, if an attacker goes for the faceoff or the puck, he can be immediately leveled by the defender he just hit. If the attacker goes for the throat or the nuts, he will probably get away with a $5000 fine but if he is arrested on the spot, his team has to play 3 minutes without the player that was attacked, he will probably serve a match-penalty and worst of all, the attacker is going to have less inspiration and confidence for the rest of the game.
It's simple, pick a topic or something interesting that you think you would like and write down a list of 6-10 items related to that topic. Also make sure to include the statement "I can't afford to buy for anyone but myself".  You will be shown this info and then some other users will vote for you to be paired with a user.  You will then get a pm asking you to accept the gift from the voting user, after you accept the gift you will be prompted to confirm that you accept the voting user's pairing request. Once you accept the voting user you will receive a mail from reddit with your username and the gift from the voting user.  Good luck!
A panic attack is sudden, overwhelming feelings of fear, anxiety and panic that can occur in isolation or during a public event, such as a flight or meeting someone for a first date. Panic attacks can occur suddenly and without warning, and many sufferers experience them multiple times per month. Some people develop anxiety prior to a life-threatening situation, such as after seeing a scary movie, but this is not the same as having a panic attack.  First, your therapist can help you understand that you may be feeling fear or anxiety due to specific events or situations, and not because you are not getting enough sleep, eating well or exercising. You might recognise this as you take your time to feel your feelings, and then ask for advice if something feels "off". This is a normal and healthy part of therapy, and will help you build resilience and better control of your emotions. It can also be helpful to talk to a friend who does not know you well, or a friend or family member who has experience with anxiety. There are many online forums with support groups and a growing community of "Therapist Raves" where you can share experiences and seek guidance.  If you do suffer from panic attacks, your therapist can help you work through any fears
The difference between pubs and bars is in terms of hospitality : a bar is typically open to the general public, providing alcohol to patrons and generally being a sort of a waiting room. In contrast, a pub serves alcohol only to its residents, and may have other activities on offer such as games, music or darts. Pubs get their names from the area of a town or village where they are located, and the host would traditionally go out into the community and invite the local residents to come in and join them for a drink. So the name of the pub comes from the fact that it's hosted by the community and people from that area would enjoy the warmth of the bar as well as the distractions of the entertainment on offer.
No country really likes to be invaded, and certainly not one as poor as Russia. There is a long history of foreign countries invading Russia, often in the name of'charity ', then leaving with a fraction of what they had originally started with. In 1680 Russia was invaded by Poland and the Ottoman Empire, and after the war the Tsar heisted a significant portion of the spoils of war from the Poles, including some Polish cities and a very large amount of gold and silver. It wasn't until 1917 that Russia became independent again, and was never the same again. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia has all the classic hallmarks of an invasion, from the pretend assistance from a UN peace keeping force, to the large amount of weapons and equipment given to the invaders, to the blatant plunder of the nation's wealth and resources. The failure to protect the population from this invasion is every bit as shameful as the invasion itself, and if the US had any honour they would send in their own forces to punish this invader. Unfortunately the west has instead chosen to work with this invader to punish Russia for defending itself.
the big players like google and facebook are planning to charge for some data capped services like Google Drive, TikTok, and Facebook stories.this is all in their attempt to make more money from your data.
No, you do not need darkness.  There is no need for darkness.  However, you are more alert if you are not subjected to bright lighting all the time.  As you get older your body will adapt to the need for darkness and you will not be injured if you still fall asleep with headlights on.
I am not sure why this happens, but I believe that the operating system is aware of your physical limits, and therefore does not let you scroll to the right of the screen if the bottom of your screen is close to the bottom of the window you have open. Conversely, the operating system will not let you scroll to the top of the screen if the top of the screen is close to the top of the window.
Because the announcement is live and coming from a police helicopter.
Passengers found still buckled in their seats suggests that they died because of drowning, if they were submerged under water.
One main difference is that hairless animals do not shed and therefore do not generate allergy causing micro-particles. In addition, hairless animals have fur that does not follow the typical ‘lamp-shade’ pattern and thereby increases the visibility of any puberty hormone induced changes in the fur. Finally, hairless animals cannot generate dander or pollen because they do not have the ability to shed the outer layer of skin which can cause allergy.
The geographical setting of africa is very harsh, sandy, and infertile leading to lack of basic resources which would enable the people of africa to be independent. Africa's population is also less than that of other continents and many other issues. But what holds the ultimate key to africa's backwardness is the lack of free will and will power of the africans which forced by outside influence have been suppressed
Somehow, having an extra chromosome does not result in an increase in general intelligence ( at least not in the general population ).    The issue is that we inherit thousands of genes from our parents.  These genes are random copies of themselves.  Sometimes mutations or "alternate splicing" leads to a gene that is not "functional".  A non-functional gene does not perform any useful function and thus is not required by the individual.  So essentially, there is no use to the individual with a non-functional gene.
Most wars generate revenue,  through war profiteering.  This is where the government loses money by having to pay for the war.  This can apply to many levels such as giving incentives for civilians to enlist and fight, supplying equipment and logistics, making money from a "bankrupt" enemy.  Military contractors can also profit from war.  The U.S military alone accounts for 4% of GDP.
There is no single answer to this, but I suspect that part of it is biological. The human brain is extremely adaptable, and so is hardwired to some extent to the traumas and pleasures of our ancestors. This is one reason why hypnotherapy can be so effective, because people's brains have a memory of a powerful experience that causes their brain to respond in similar ways.  Some of the more extreme fetishes are the ones that are most rewarding to a brain that has been adapted to a strong and aggressive threat ecology. Feet, for example, were likely a form of amusement to a dinosaur with feet and a heel. Bondage was a way to give a knot or a collar a sense of meaning, purpose, and control when other methods of restraining didn't work. Balloons are likely the most extreme fetish for babies, as their brains haven't fully developed the innate sensibilities that are so apparent in adults.
Microwaving destroys many nutrients like vitamins, minerals and phytonutrients which is why you see a loss of nutrients when you cook vegetables.  Also when you heat anything up you are also promoting enzymes which help in digestion and breakdown of nutrients.
When your grandparents tell you scary ghost stories, you might grow up to be a "scary ghost story teller"  -  a scary ghost story teller might go into a career where they scare kids with ghost stories.  Mostly this comes from hearing scary ghost stories from your parents or other relatives growing up.  Scary ghost story tellers might work in the media such as on television or at a museum where kids can scare themselves by hearing ghost stories.  There are even organizations that offer paid ghost story telling classes for people who want to scare themselves with ghost stories.  There are also "scary ghost story telling clubs" for kids to join at their school where they can scare each other with ghost stories.
I think some people dislike Mother Teresa because of her holiness. She would go on Crusades ( which is actually pretty noble ) and go to ex-prisoners homes and feed the poor. People perceive this as being a " Lady like " or "Polite". Some people may not like her because she's actually a slightly brutal person.
because of the domain name shortage. and " xxx ". is the preferred ".com" extension for porn sites.
Truck and Car manufacturers create new models that look and behave like existing models but with new technology in order to increase profit margins. For example, Ford redesigned the F-150 truck to make it look like a smaller, low-cost truck but have higher technology features like self-driving capabilities and backup cameras that made it competitive against the Chevrolet Suburban.
Main parties in the United Kingdom ( UK ) are The Conservative Party, The Labour Party and the Liberal Democrats. The Liberal Democrats are a flirtation party who are not affiliated to any of the others and would appear not to have any candidates standing at this time.
' hostile takeovers work just like good old fashion negotiations but with one key difference which is that instead of an investor or group of investors acquiring the business in an arms race for control they simply borrow funds to spend to support the business and issue more stock in order to take control. This is done to buy the business out of its existing shareholders. The one who gives up control of the business are the ordinary shareholders in it and they have no say in the matter. This is done to get rid of the founder or leaders of the business who would be controlling too many votes. They usually do not disclose what the actual rationale is for doing a hostile takeover but they do reveal some details like it is an option being considered by the board and some of the shareholders have indicated their preference for a hostile takeover. Some companies disclose that they received a'special stock promotion'from the sponsor or parent company and they may not be able to reveal more details. Some sponsors or owners prefer to not to disclose the information considering it will harm their reputation in certain industries or amongst certain groups of investors. They choose to disclose the information if they are acquiring an existing company or creating a new one. Also, sponsors in certain industries have begun using the'dual chartering'or ownership structure in which the
A birthmark is any bodily mark that appears at or just after birth, before birth can fix it, and remains through the person's lifetime. Birthmarks are present at birth and may increase in number or size throughout life. They are present on both the surface of the skin and under the skin. There are more than 6 million birthmarks around the world. The different types of birthmarks include: spider and cap-like marks, cloathlike marks, sunspots,  papular lesions, hepatic hyperlionosis, nevus flammm-bergii, reticulated marks, other diagnoses may include koebnerization and stasis pigmentation.
I honestly have no idea. I assume that Canadian immigrants, often of British descent, helped start these leagues in Canada and sought refuge in North America once the Revolutionary War broke out.
When you give money as a gift it can be considered impersonal.  This is because the money represents a specific amount of money that was earned by the recipient and that money was spent by that person for good or bad.  Gift cards are much more suitable because they allow the recipient to spend the money however they want.
It is very hard to change your name. You have to go to the supreme court, your birth certificate have to be changed to something else, and you have to declare it in a public registry. Depending of the purpose of the name change, it could take from one week to six months.
Well it is, although I don't know what it is exactly that fills you with such great contentment. There are likely many reasons, but maybe you feel validation that others see you as a valuable member of the online community and you feel a sense of belonging to a larger social network. I can only speculate.
I assume you are talking about stranger murders and stranger suicides. These do happen, but I cannot think of any explanation for this particular phenomenon.
In general, the more nasal passages you have, the more mucus you’ll likely produce. This is because your nose has more pathways for your natural cilia to travel down and produce the fluid. However, this can vary person to person and also change from one time to the next. For example, it’s possible for your natural cilia to become worn down from overproduction and result in clogged nasal passages and a form of asthma called allergic rhinitis.
This is where we use the scientific method. We first do an observational study to find out what is causing the disturbance in our orbit, then we conduct laboratory studies to validate our model, and finally we perform experiments to evaluate our results and refine our model before proceeding to build a working design.
Aluminum is an element, as is the foil. When aluminum is cast into a final shape, it's inevitably found to contain a few impurities that are visible as small shiny spots. This shiny layer on the surface of the aluminum foil, just like the shiny layer on the surface of a diamond, is a natural property of the element aluminum. The shiny layer protects the aluminum from the elements and furtherscratches, just like a diamond does.   If you hit a diamond with enough force, the diamond will eventually become dull on the side where the force was applied. The same happens to aluminum foil if you rub it against something too hard, or if it's bent too much. When the aluminum foil gets too dull, it loses its protective shiny layer, and thus becomes duller and duller the more you interact with it. It stops protecting the aluminum at all and can no longer be used as a spare.
The exact answer is still debated. Genetic testing, though, seems to agree with something that was stated in the original 1898 "Transfusion of Blood" by James Blundell: The genetic divergence of the blood groups arose through selective pressure from an infectious disease. More recent evidence seems to back up this theory.
No, $ 500 processors are not that much more expensive to make than $ 50 processors. However, that doesn't mean that using a powerful processor isn't beneficial.  The main benefit of using powerful processors is the increased performance of applications. For example, instead of running an Excel spreadsheet that takes a few minutes to complete, a powerful processor can finish the calculation quickly.  Additionally, powerful processors allow the operating system to do more efficiently. For example, a command prompt in Windows does not use all available screen space. Rather, you have to click the'request maximize' button to use all of the available screen space. This limits the usefulness of this functionality. However, a powerful processor can take advantage of this functionality, allowing for more efficient use of the screen space.  Finally, powerful processors can handle more efficiently. For example, a powerful processor can calculate double the amount of entries in a spreadsheet in half the time. Using a less powerful processor would take longer to complete the task and result in a slower calculation.
Yes. It can be fatal. Bulletproof vest? No.
Humans used their brain to not die of exposure, it is biologically more efficient to consume heat to generate energy rather than removing heat from the body. This is why humans prefer the cooler seasons to survive. Humans also evolved opposable thumb allowing them to manipulate objects using their hands without the need to cover vital parts of their body with clothing.
Because if you watch the movie Alien, the Thing that is scary about Power Loaders is they are not really strong against attacks from the Aliens ( whether organic or inorganic ). Additionally, if the Alien had deployed Power Loaders we probably wouldn't be having this discussion because the human race wouldn't be here to ask questions.
It's because the current government is using the word terrorist to describe their opponents.  This is purely speculation on my part but my thought is that if the government could re-define the word terrorist to mean the opposition party, then they would do so.
Humans are more successful than any other animal on earth because we are smart. This was necessary for us to have evolved into what we are today. It would not be possible for us to be more successful than any other animal on earth without being smart. We could be more successful than humans if we had a shorter life span or if we had smaller brains or if our propensity to procreate were other ways other than through breeding.
1. Most artists think that just because they can record an acoustic version of a song, the public will just assume they can actually sing and deliver a live performance. While it is true that most people can perform an acoustic version of a song pretty well, the audience is typically not there to hear the real you, they just want to hear what you can do in an acoustic setting, and that is not good enough. There are lots of great singers out there who could never perform onstage. 2. Most artists are focused on how their live version is perceived by the record labels or managers, and rather than focusing on the quality of the talent, they tend to just try to keep the live version longer, which is in-vogue. They are more concerned about how this video is going to represent them to the record labels. So instead of spending the time and effort to learn a difficult track and nail the performance, they just re-do the cover.   Even if the live version is better, there are too many variables that can go wrong, and the artist does not want to take the chance of ruining their chance to record the song. As they say " You have to spend money to make money", so they choose to record the song again or
Somehow Fifty Shades of Grey became a sensation among the tabloid press for a lot of reasons.  It was marketed and promoted by Hollywood celebrities that use their social media presence to generate publicity.  The book contained a 50-Shades-of-Grey who, to the tabloids, represented all that was wrong with modern society.  Their interpretation of the story seemed to fuel the tabloid obsession.
Diabetics used to have to draw a capillary sample from their fingertip and check it with a meter. In fact, this is still the preferred method for many doctors, who use a Coulter Type Diabeticker.  A new meter "liked " by many diabetics arrived on the scene in the mid 1970's - the Bayer Gambus. This device, measuring only a few tenths of a microliter, had " gold particles " in its reagent, and was marketed as being an improvement on the Coulter Diabeticker, which required about 10 microliters of blood.
The government invests in space exploration because it benefits the economy. When private companies and individuals use resources like money and labor to explore space they will invest in infrastructure, businesses, and jobs here on earth. For example, an asteroid may provide enough minerals and metals to help spur technological innovation here on earth that would benefit the entire economy.
Because of the manner in which the electoral college operates, it is possible for a "swing state" to occur.  Each state is allocated a number of electoral votes proportional to the number of members of the electoral college that state has.  If one state's population increases by 10%, while every other state in the union loses the same amount of population, then the candidate with the additional votes from the swing state will ultimately win.  Swing states typically are due to the conversion of moderate to conservative voters from other states in the union, or the additional votes garnered from a celebrity, trial lawyer, or other individual.  Typically these swing states in the electoral college will not be exactly equal, but will be within a small margin.
Because we wrote'return' in lower case. (aka'return' is the same as'return' in lower case )
Water from an electric well is usually stored in large holding tanks on the property. When power is lost, the water in the tanks freezes. Freezing water from an electric well causes two types of damage. First, the liquid in the tanks freezes, forming a block of ice several inches thick. Pressure tanks can be damaged if the pressure from the freezing ice cracks the tank, allowing the pressure to escape. Second, the electricity that powers the water well to the property can drop out of the electrical grid. Without electricity, the well pump can no longer move water. Without water, people and animals on the property will likely suffer.
The workers at Walmart do not like that the company is selling its farms to Melaleuca for virtual slave labor. The new management are horrible. They give very low pay with no benefits. So the workers want more money and better working conditions.
Typically your pockets of air would go into your mouth if you were to exhale. Pockets of air are present in most objects that have been in existence for a period of time. The air in your knuckles escapes when you break your knuckle and these pockets of air are what escape into the air during your pocket.
A nuclear reactor works by converting the radio active energy of fissile atoms (U-235, U-238) or an isotope of uranium (uranium-237, commonly known as "Tantalum") to produce energy in the form ofuseable electricity.Radioactive energy is converted into heat energy in a nucleus of the atom. The heat is transferred to a material that contains a temperature sensitive element (typically fissionable material), causing the fission. The energy is released as particles, including massless particles known as neutrons. Particle fission causes nuclear fusion to release additional energy, creating a chain reaction. Nuclear reactors are self-sustaining and continue to fission atoms of fissile material, even when the input of energy is stopped or reduced.  There are two primary mechanisms used to start up a nuclear reactor: fast fission and slow neutron induced fission. Both start with the capture of a neutron by an atom. If the neutron collides with a relatively large atomic nucleus, it can cause that nucleus to break apart into smaller pieces. These pieces then contain less mass, and can further capture additional neutrons, until a significant amount of fission has occurred and an additional atom has been changed into another form.  Fast fission occurs when enough fiss
Time originated by the Greeks, as a measurement of the passage of the night and the day. It is used in everyday life today.
reddit gift exchange is a decentralized, crowd-sourced, online shopping marketplace where members can exchange and discover new and exciting products. Members can browse and filter for products based on keywords, prices, and reviews. The process of buying and selling, or swapping, products on reddit gift exchange is known as reddit gold.
This is purely down to logistics and paper manufacturing technologies at the time. Bibles were written on scrolls of scrolls of paper and it was necessary to make these as thin as possible to avoid the Bible scrum within desert raiders attacking the Europeans for not being able to face the now mythical Trojan horse. Dictionaries on the other hand were written on to existing books with their content being transferred. This created books that were incredibly thick due to the books content and had to be carried by slaves and soldiers which again limited the ability of the army to have a weapon due to the weight. So due to the functional requirements of the time, old book formats had to evolve into new formats.
While a unit of account should be a unit that is easily understood by all in the society ( like a gallon of gasoline or US dollars ), the new currencies introduced in modern times have come with a huge increase in the amount of zeros appended to the units they represent. This makes the units very difficult for people to comprehend and significantly hampers their adoption.
Because the Japanese( or more specifically the Meiji-Restorationist leaders) was very against foot-slogging and just let the imperial palace grow as big as possible. They had these big cathedrals where Japan's Emperor should reside and waste little space in comfort. Because of World War 2, they had to open the country to more democratic voices and therefore developed smaller cities which is where you currently find such denseness.
Young adults joining the Islamic State (ISIS, ISIL, or Daesh) to fight is a subject of ongoing debate. The Western narrative of these young people being brainwashed by propaganda, or actually seeking to join up for the thrill of war, is largely incorrect. Most experts agree the groups true motivation is economic stagnation.  Many young adults have not found success in mainstream employment, leading them to seek either easier ways to make money through extreme means, or the promise of a higher standard of living that extreme means can deliver.
Men and women have separate restrooms because men and women are different and have different bodily functions.
Thanks for your question.  The oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico is burning and will continue to burn for a number of reasons:1. Natural processes 2. Humans are looking to push cleanup too quickly and not "nimbly enough" (referring to EPA chief Lisa Jackson's comment after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon blowout) 3. Oil companies attempting to cover up their role in the disaster.  The slick itself does not spread the toxic pollutants in the water, merely acts as amarker that they are there.  Cleaning up the oil spill from this particular slick will require multiple steps that will likely include: 1. Burning off the oil using heat from the sun 2. Testing and treating the waters to kill any remaining pollutants. 3. Vaccinating people against oil so they don't get sick.
I don't know why the Europeans died off from native diseases, or even if they died off. It sounds like you may have been listening to talking points instead of reading a book. The book "1491" is a popular source.
Imgur is incredibly fast.  I am using an outdated smartphone that is extremely limited in both processor and ram resources.  Large files that are generally gif based will literally take minutes to load on this phone.  Smaller gifs load very quickly.
Because prison is not fun, like I'm five.
I don't know the answer to your question.  I'm sure there's an answer out there somewhere for someone.  But why call it a top game or game of the year when there are many great games out there?  Maybe the publishers just like being able to use the words top game or game of the year in their advertising.
Actually the constitution actually guarantees the right to vote, but different states have various restrictions on who is eligible to vote and under what circumstances.   Firstly, it should be noted that a person in jail is serving time, not convicted of a crime. In many jurisdictions, therefore, they are not eligible to vote. This is true even if the person is still free to vote at their polling station, or even if they are still serving a sentence but have not yet begun to serve it.  This answer is not definitive, however, and will vary by jurisdiction. Please consult your legal advisors before taking any actions based on this answer, as your jurisdiction may have adopted a contrary position.
Well, for short words, the dash generally indicates a word boundary. For example, morse code for the word "is" is—  is—  However, for long words, the dot typically indicates a word boundary, though there are a few cases where it does not. For example, morse code for the word "pet" is—  pet—  A hyphen is generally treated as a word break in morse code, unless it's the first or last character of the word.
The Sherman Tank was an American tank produced during World War II. It was an inferior tank, even by Nazi standards. Hitler chose the Sherman Tank to be his "kampfstechnische Variante" (fwkeyword: Kampffürtodtmeute) or "fighting variant", which was actually inferior to the German Tiger Tank. Even American troops, who relied onShermans heavily during the invasion of Normandy, considered them inadequate.
Due to the influx of people from all over Europe at that time, many of whom had travelled to England, they had influenced the way in which Brits pronounced many words. In general, Brits would pronounce words as they did in England. So if people from the 1300's spoke with a British accent, the 1700's Brits pronounced words the way they did in England. However, the language spoken in England also influenced this process. So in the 1600's when people settled in North America, they pronounced many words in their native language. However, because so many Brits had travelled to the Americas and had been influenced by the local languages, they began to pronounce words with an American accent. This leads to today when people in North America speak with an American accent.
Objects that are reflective of light follow the principle of scission on how electromagnetic radiation is converted into light and matter. Reflective materials break up the light into its components waves of light and only the desired wave is reflected. In this case we are looking at white light which consists of all colors in combination, except blue and yellow which don't go together to make green.
Generally speaking, Satan means Opponent.  Names of Satan however tend to have more to do with what type of worship/religion a Satanist follows.   So some may choose to use their names differently based on that.   Baphomet is for example a very common Christian version of Satan.   An example of other names used for Satan would be Beelzebub, Belphagor etc. as those are other religions that Satan is considered a part of.
Water conducts electricity because of the tiny amount of dissolved ions present in it. These ions cause the water to be more conductive than ice.
The cycle is as follows;  Headache. If you have one, you can google it.  If you don't have one, ask your dear flat-mate.  They are not real.  Put it down to having a cold.  Eat more chocolate.  Wake your parents.  They will not believe you.   Headache comes from being overheated.   Paracetamol / Acetaminophen decreases the level of certain substances in the body which makes you feel better.   Wake your parents.   They believe you now.
Because they are real.
I am glad that you asked, alcohol is a very social creature. It likes to be around people and if you give it something to bond with people. Alcohol usually helps to bond with people.
Cubans living in America do not want relations with Cuba to be normalized because they want to maintain the embargo. They believe that the embargo is preventing the Cuban government from developing its economy and improving the lives of its people. They also oppose any kind of negotiations with the Cuban government because they do not believe that Cuba is ready to change its behavior.
The reason plastic school chairs have holes in the back of them is because the company that created them didnt know any better. Thats why you see holes in the back of them.
Yes, we can make giant robots with the current technology. However, the size of the robots will be limited, and we may not see many of them in real life. That is because even with today's technology, our current battery life is not large enough to run the robots for extended periods of time.
Cats naturally have nine toes on their front paws compared to the four of humans which is why cats can jump higher and faster than humans. Their paws also have three hooks instead of the two of humans. All these adaptations provide cats with the speed, agility and strength to hunt and catch prey. In addition cats do not have fur as defense they have guardian angel type fur instead which can scare predators away. The fur traps in heat, darts that attack and other vicious qualities. Cats are so skittish because they have been starved of a natural predator which is why they can display dominant traits.
Running to your destination is considered weird or funny because it is a fast way to get somewhere.  When you are running, you are moving at a fast pace and your foot lands on the ground at different times which may cause you to bounce up and down.  This bouncing up and down causes air to flow through your body which can make your breathing more challenging and also make it difficult to breathe when air is not flowing through your lungs.  This lack of air can lead to a variety of funny scenarios like bouncing off the walls, speaking in tongues, and sometimes they die out in front of their destination.
Some, like Walmart, stay in business by selling goods cheaper then competitor.   Most though, rely on monthly sleep sales where they sell off last years inventory for cheap. This has the added benefit of allowing the customer to try out several mattress at discount prices.   The retailers goal is to make enough money to cover the cost of the inventory, employees benefits ( health insurance, 401k,  and weekly staff lunches at the local diner ) and a small profit. The cost of the inventory, benefits and profit are difficult to cover unless the mattress sale is frequent enough to make up for the lost income.  Sometimes they'll rent the space to other retailers like large store-front moving companies or moving small items around your house. The customer never knows, but the store is there, so you might as well use them.
In some species, males will mate with multiple females. Since only one of each female's eggs will be produced, only one of the male's genes will be passed on to the next generation. Since the male only mates with one female during his lifetime, the genes that allow him to do so are more likely to be preserved in future generations. Thus, males are selective about the females they will mate with, leading to inbreeding depression and the eventual demise of the species.
Paper toilet seat covers ( aka ass gaskets ) are not really more sanitary than naked seats.  They are simply a source of additional paper waste, take up more space in landfills, and require more energy to produce.
Medical care and prescription drugs is extremely expensive in the US because of a combination of both supply and demand issues. Demand is driven largely by the exploding elderly population, as more people live longer than ever before. It is important to keep in mind that even though the price is high, it is still quite inexpensive compared to other countries. The most important factor, however, is that the supply of medical care practitioners is very small, resulting in an ever-tightening supply and therefore, high prices. Ultimately, although it may be challenging to understand how to budget for health care expenses, it is a personal choice that will help shape your financial goals and health as a whole.
I'm not sure, I think it might have something to do with the fact that the bathroom is in their kitchen, and cats are rather hungry.
Radiation is not harmful. We use it as an alternative to traditional cures. It works by attempting to kill a cell with less of a dose of radiation. In the case of cancer, normal cells compete with the cancerous cells for resources. Radiation affects the cancer cells only, but does not harm the normal cells.
In the 1600's, people thought that old English speakers, as in this picture, talked the same as today's English speakers.  People at the time were relying on wordlists that were based on the languages of previous centuries, and people thought that old English and present English were the same language.  While there are a few differences between old English and current English, most people who speak old English say it sounds much more like current English than it does like today's languages such as Spanish or French.
We dont know for sure but we do know that drugs have played a role in the USA dramatic increase in prisoners. The USA had the one of the lowest per capita prison population at the end of the 20th century. However in the early 21st century the USA has seen its per capita prison population increase dramatically. We also know that the USA is the biggest drug producer in the world and it is the largest consumer of prisoners too.
The main factor that influences if and how aggressively a cancer is treated is how it has spread. We have a pretty good idea of how a cancer starts and that provides insight into where to start treating the disease. But the spread of the cancer varies a lot from person to person. It can start in the stomach or lungs and travel to other areas of the body. If we could target the source of the cancer and the way it has spread, we could treat a lot of cancers with the exact same approach.
Sigh, it all started with the discovery of cuneiform writing around 1750 BCE in Mesopotamia. The cuneiform writing system made use of wedge-shaped signs to represent sounds and words. One of the most important cuneiform signs was URRU, which formed the first phonetic character in an absolute language language.  Through the ages the 'purity' of the cuneiform script suffered from the proliferation of improper morphemes which often resulted in grammatical irregularity. In time, this damaged the reputation of the signs and this in turn led to the invention of spoken languages and the advent of spoken grammar and lexicon.
Entropy is an uncontrollable and random phenomenon that changes with time.  In English, we often use the term 'random' in a loose and non-specific manner and may translate it into other languages with similar or equivalent meaning. In physics, however, the term 'random' carries a specific meaning and is associated with lack of order.  Lack of order means that two seemingly identical objects will have different physical properties.  An example is the rolling of a cup of snow versus a snowflake.  The cup has more order and is more predictable than a snowflake because it has consistent sides and dimensions.  If you were to remove the cup from the environment where it was created, it would be impossible to predict its fate as it freezes and cracks due to the lack of order.
A decaying atom emits alpha, beta, and gamma radiation based on the number of neutrons in the atomic nucleus. Only heavy atoms with more than 2 neutrons in the atomic nucleus decay into their element via alpha and beta emitters. The isotopes of these elements that have an unstable proton (protons with fewer than 2 neutrons) will also decay to a different element via beta emitters. This is called radiogenic decay. This can occur by a process called spontaneous fission. Spontaneous fission occurs when an atomic nucleus undergoes a collision with an excited nucleus (usually from neutron absorption).
It is hard to say who was responsible for who.  There are people who claim credit for discovering HIV/AIDS, and there are people who claim credit for causing it to be discovered.  Perhaps, we will never know.  However, what we do know is that HIV/AIDS was first identified in 1981 in blood samples taken from US blood donors who identified themselves as male.  Those people who could prove they were female were not infected with HIV.  Thus HIV was associated with the gay community at first.  However, in that same year, a US Navy sailor contracted HIV.  The sailor then contracted HIV from someone who was not gay.  From that point forward, anyone who contracted HIV, regardless of sexual orientation, was generally assumed to have contracted the virus through sex with someone who was HIV positive.  Thus HIV was quickly associated with the sex act known as oral, and later vaginal, homosexual sex.
It’s hard to know for sure because reddit doesn’t disclose information about customer performance like it does about product performance. What I do know for sure is that they must have a plan to handle increased user volume and are well resourced to execute on that plan. It's possible that they will be able to maintain service levels if they are unable to scale up to higher levels of user volume, however a more likely outcome is a temporary service disruption. A related question is will reddit choose to charge for reddit gold and if so at what price and how will I afford it. These are good questions to ask but I cannot answer them as I do not own gold and cannot afford to buy gold at the present time.
Sunlight is absorbed through the skin, which is then converted to vitamin D through a series of chemical reactions. That vitamin D travels to your blood, and travels to your cells, where it's converted back into vitamin D and then into protein through a series of chemical reactions.
While asleep, you cannot move your body because you are paralyzed. As a result, your body is held in place by muscles that are frozen in place. Thus, you can begin dreaming while asleep because your body is not performing the actions necessary to keep you in place, as in paralysis.
Shazam is a magic word.  If you say the magic word, Shazam!  You're instantly saved from all the problems in the world!  The word came from a movie called "Shazam" where a kid says the magic word and his and his friends magic powers suddenly become active!  A similarly close friend of mine claimed to have powers that were discovered when he said the magic word at the wrong moment!  Magic word = Shazam!
It is very likely that allergies evolved to help protect human survival.  Allergies produce antibodies that attack harmful substances.  The antibodies specifically bind to the harmful substances on the surface of dust mites or dander from insects such as ants, grass, etc.  This ultimately limits the lifespan of the harmful substances and forces the body to generate new antibodies to remove the harmful substances.
Energy drink companies would typically use both caffeine and other ingredients to provide a stimulating effect to the body. Ephedrine and Modafinil have been used to create an "energy boost" because humans naturally produce ephedrine when they experience stress and/or exercise. Ephedrine has also been used for its vasoconstrictive effects.
Only slightly. The number of animals affected depends on what types of animals are commonly found near the locations that would be contaminated after a nuclear disaster. The most common animals in the world are: Dogs, Cats, and Birds. The most common cause of contamination is radiation due to a nuclear disaster. Due to the low amount of radiation, it would not significantly affect their biological make up. However, for humans that live nearby, there is a possibility that their reproductive health could be affected as they rely on animals to bring them children to replace the number that are killed by radiation.
Some people say this is because the acids in the vitamin reach their effective levels faster if you have a meal with the vitamins. So taking a single with or without food might cause an empty stomach effect. Additionally, some of these vitamins contain silica, which might cause reaction in some people. Also, vitamins that contain gluten could cause reactions in some people.
When you're born, your mother's uterus contract to provide oxygen and nutrients to your fetus. Some people are blessed with a perfect genetic makeup to sing and they can effortlessly sing while some can't. It is mostly down to what kind of luck your ancestors had in conceiving the perfect genes to have. As for being born with the genetic makeup, sometimes things just happen.
If a biological female goes through a course of hormone therapy to become male, this could result in her developing male physical characteristics and reproductive organs. Some rare individuals may be completely convinced by this process. However, the development of male physical characteristics requires important biological and physical changes that have not taken place in a transgender woman. She is still a pregnant biological woman with a unique biological system. She will face similar complications as other pregnant women. She will need to take the same medicine to prevent preterm birth, while also monitoring and treating pre-eclampsia and other pregnancy-related complications. Some studies have found higher risk of congenital heart defects in males than in females. However, the research is not sufficient and more studies are needed.
Preorders are not well received by many gamers and game studios. They feel gamers are being over-prescriptive by committing to a preorder, and fail to appreciate the preorder experience.
Mars One is a space race reality TV show where teams of intrepid space travelers will leave for Mars in the coming years and return to Earth with a single (group) landing on Mars.
In western societies, people have special rights not allowed for satire against other people. Firstly, it would be against the first amendment of the USA which protects free speech against persecution by the government. In addition, it would be considered in poor taste which is a social norm. For example, jokes about race or gender will never be accepted because those are considered in poor taste.
When the cold weather settles in, most insects hibernate. During this time they reduce their activity and energy levels so that they are not as stressed by the cold, and don't need to expend as much energy on finding sufficient food and drink when the weather improves.
First of all, Japan had a historical period of ~500 years where it was influenced by China and Korea. Also, Japanese people used to live overseas (Chinese and Korean ex- colonies) which introduced other cultures and lifestyles. These factors contributed to Japanese obsession with Japan's war banners and spirit dogs. Spending a lot of time in Shinto shrines or going to 'kai ( Shinto shrines with drinking water of mountain streams ) would make your ancestors proud so you would like to do your best to kill/martial your best. This fueled a Japanese obsession with history, especially the warrior culture, which makes them more aggressive, competitive and brazen. This results in kawaii ( Japanese for 'cute' or 'cuddly') / berserkendo ( Japanese for 'berserk reaction') and strange types of porn ( like old man / horse anime / doujin ). Japanese pubic hair is generally very thick and full ( eg for males, most likely due to living in humid environment where body generated more testosterone). It's considered a sign of virility.
Subs like philosophy and nosleep have a certain number of upvotes guaranteed to them. These subs are often relatively new with few followers, so they are given some resources ( time to build rep from trusted sources ) and a permanent spot in the top 100.
1 dimension meaning 1 is the underlying premise to all things. It starts with the question of how many points are on a line. Since there are an infinite points on a line, the line has 1 dimension. Whereas a point has no dimension because it is essentially only a point and has no underlying premise like points.
Well first, Michelin stars are thought to be something that best restaurant restaurants, so by the mere mention of Michelin stars at a restaurant, the client or customer subconsciously forms an opinion on the restaurant. And since tire companies control the largest marketshare of the Michelin star system, the Michelin star is also thought of as a form of endorsements. Michelin starred restaurants serve more expensive menu items, often higher end cuts of meat, better ingredients, and a more formal dining experience. The Michelin star is also thought of as a way for restaurant operators to separate themselves from the competition, by giving their customers reason to select them over their local Chinese, steak house, burger joint.
It is really good to be human. We have the ability to understand and follow rules that other animals do not have. We also have the ability to think about the long term consequences of our actions.  When we were hunter-gatherers we had to be very careful to only hunt and gather things that did not carry any diseases or that would at least prevent us from being in danger of starvation. One way to get some of these benefits is to not eat the meat or to prepare it very carefully.  When we ate raw meat we suffered from parasites, bacteria or parasites that cause disease. We also did not have the enzymes to digest this well which led to abdominal pains, vomiting and even death.  This is why we learned to cook our food and why we started to eat cooked food as an adult. Because we were more efficient in digesting it. And that is why it seems that we lost these benefits. It is more efficient to eat raw meat than to cook it.
It would be really super super super super super super leak proof to be able to transport oil with zero spillage. Unfortunately the current state of transport means oil spills are still happening all the time. How much oil does it take to fill all the Gulf of Mexico? It is a good question and one that is hard to answer. People have been making calculations since the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in the year 2010 and these calculations are still being made today. One way to look at it is the energy required to transport oil means it is probably more or less equal to the energy required to actually refine the oil so that is not helping here. As an oil spiller I say watch this space and keep spreading the love.
If you shoot an unarmed person, you will go to jail. That's a law. However, if you are in your defensive, and the person who is about to kill you was about to shoot you, you can be legally standing there with your gun unloaded. That's because the law states that it is legal to shoot someone if you're in your defensive and you perceive that their life is in peril. The person who shot you is claiming to be in their defensive, so you cannot claim that they were in imminent danger of being shot. You had one chance to take them out before they pulled the trigger. So, if you are in a position to be able to take them out with a shot - don't shoot.
Republicans generally prefer free-market economics whereas Democrats prefer a more centralized economic planning.  This is due to the liberal democrat party having control of the White House, the Senate, and the House of Representatives at different times.  This allows them to exert more control over the economy through the power of regulation and taxation.  In contrast, Republicans are more inclined to support free-market and smaller government approach.  They often cite the failures of the New Deal and Great Society, two important regulatory and financial programs of the previous era, as causes for high poverty, inequality, and violence.
forest gump is a children's movie about a little piece of stock that is ignored by history and is carried along with people who interact with him. it ends up having a huge impact on history. forest gump's real name is ( mark) brentaraven. when his life goes south, he is adopted by the savings bank of la vista branch.  he grows up to be a man of means and prominence. he marries the love of his life, sherri, and they have three fine children. despite being a success story, his life takes a turn for the worse when he is diagnosed with leukemia. despite aggressive treatment, he passes away.  in his will, he leaves all his money to the library for the children, and in particular, the "forest gump" youth organization. he makes it very clear that his life would not have been worthwhile had it not been for the library. he tells his kids that if he had to do it all over again, he would do exactly what he is doing now.  this saddens sherri and forest gump's kids understand that he meant that his life would have been better spent helping others.
During the civil war the Union army marched through Pennsylvania and these boys who could not go with the army were forced to stay behind and work the land to feed themselves.  Many of these boys who stayed behind went on to become and pioneer of American industry
There are several ways to do it. Some methods may not apply to some of the other posts in this forum, and depending on your purpose they may not be the best approach. In this case it may be easier to have the actors wear a "skin" made of another color.  On the other hand, this is a practical question, so if it is possible, it might be worth investigating.
The number plate of an vehicle is sometimes called a VIN, Vehicle Identification Number, or sometimes just VIN. VIN is a unique alphanumeric string that describes the make, model and sometimes even the year of the vehicle. VINs can be from different sources, though mostly they are the registered number of the vehicle with the responsible authority. So for example, if you register a car with the auto sector organisation in your country, their is a one to one mapping between the numbers of your car certificate and the VIN of your car. The VIN of a vehicle has a finite size, it can not grow or change. The VIN of an older vehicle is part of the VIN of a newer vehicle, and so forth. Therefore the VIN of a vehicle is sort of immutable, which makes it easy to memorise it. However the process of memorising the VIN is called car registration, which also has the advantage that it can be automated. Car registration is actually very hard and still requires human expertise today to achieve certain levels of success. In simple terms, car registration requires having a very deep background knowledge of automotive technology and industry. It is this level of knowledge and experience that allows human car registration services to achieve something close to
Graphics and models are key elements of computer games and their systems are designed to lure you into buying expensive items that will enhance those graphics. These items often have no benefits to gameplay whatsoever and are nothing more than pieces of art to look at. The primary reason that people are willing to spend thousands of dollars on such items is for aesthetic pleasure and to stand out from the crowd.
The war on drugs has been a failure. Marijuana has many medical benefits and less harmful than alcohol. Legalizing marijuana will reduce the profits of corporations that produce marijuana drugs and prevent abuse by minors.
Simple answer, it is the money. Companies with lesser presence in the domestic market prefer to outsource their tech / customer support to reduce their operational cost. It is true that they need to ensure that the foreign resource has the requisite language and cultural skills to respond to customer queries, but this can be done with relative ease with a budget of below $10k.
There are many interesting answers to this question but the accepted answer is that animals don't hear digital sounds because they are not made for that purpose. Digital sounds use a number of electric currents running through resistors, capacitors, and transistors to send a message which can be understood by humans. Animal sounds, like the whooshing sound of a running dog, are made using a very specific combinations of muscles in the animal's body which can not be replicated using technology.
Super glue cannot bind in the vacuum of space, that's why it's commonly used in space. If you want to create a self sustaining colony in space, super glue will not be a good choice because without any way to replenish oxygen, your colony will not survive long.
I do not think anyone knows for sure, but it may be a reference to a third party who provided a clean lineage through Mary's husband, Joseph, which the early church propagated. Since Mary and Joseph had no genetic relationship, the church could portray them as having married in a legal setting despite their obvious affection. This allowed them to divorce later on without repercussions. They continued on to have children through this union. It might be a satirical allusion to Christ's institution as the son of God, who was borne by the Virgin Mary in order to allow the early Christian Church to continue on his lineage.
According to Samsung, the curve adjusts how bright or dark content is displayed in order to make it look sharper and more natural. The concept is similar to adjusting the " level " of contrast on TVs. It's actually a pretty useful feature, but the implementation makes it feel like useless fluff.  If you're into video editing or color correction, it might actually be helpful. Otherwise, it's purely a gimmick and adds little or no value to the TV.
Zoning works like this, Westminster has set out rules about what can and cannot be built within the borough. The local council enforces these rules. Outside of the city, in country areas, land is owned by the country. This means that building on that land is not zoned and therefore not regulated.
Objects in motion tend to stay in motion, this is called inertia. Objects with less mass tend to move at a higher velocity compared to objects with more mass. However this is not the case with clocks because in physics time is not affected by the velocity of an object. Speed of light has been experimentally observed to remain the same even when moving at high velocities. The time is measured using a standard atomic clock. Based on the time taken for light to travel to a stationary observer and back we can now measure time in different reference frame and this becomes irrelevant because light is known to travel faster than the speed of light. Speed of light = c
The video shows that the spinning tire feels like it is rotating in one direction, but the road texture under the tire appears to be rotating the other direction.  It is not spinning upside down, as the tire is on a wheel, and the road texture is not flat.  Rather, the road texture is curved.  Under the tire, the road texture is curved in the direction that the tire is spinning, which makes the tire appear to be rotating the other way.
Chinese alphabet is composed of 26 basic characters. People generally use characters that are 1-7 or 1-9. However, some regions have developed their own characters and use them instead of the common ones. There is also a character that looks like Cyrillic 'џ' but it has a very different pronunciation. It is hard to pronounce but very widely used in business documents. In Chinese, words are constructed by joining together any number of characters. As such, people usually employ character combinations to create words. So in order to pronounce the words, people will write them in the order of their pronunciation. For example, a person writes 嘿 bah is not uncommon. This means Hello in Chinese. Given that the characters in Chinese are comprised of other characters, and the order of words is the same as the order of characters, Chinese people often group characters in sets with similar pronunciation so that they can pronounce words in the set of characters in the same order. For example, 李 is pronounced Li or Lee. So would you say Lee or Li when saying hello? This is why Chinese people often group characters together in sets. Another example is 京. People pronounce it Jing and it sounds much more sophisticated than saying Jin
I don't know if there is a "why" in particular, but capitalism seems to sometimes feel like an obligation. This can be because it is a system that relies on hard work in a free market economy for it's mechanism to function, or because capitalism, in the common popular definition, is a system where you "work as hard as you want to, as little or as much as you want to" and more often than not, the promise of capitalism is that one day, you will be able to work as hard as you want to, which is a feel good motivation that has certainly been effective in motivating me in the past.
US oil supply and demand affects the price of oil. The currency in which you trade oil futures contracts is determined by the US Dollar-Australian Dollar (DOLL) exchange rate (ie: 1 US Dollar = 1 DOLL).     Australian Dollar is a currency that is only used by Australia.     If Australians wanted to trade oil with the US then they would need to have the Australian Dollar to trade oil with the US.     However the Australian Dollar is tied to the US Dollar (via an economic union).     Therefore if Australia did not have the US Dollar then it would be impractical for Australians to trade oil with the US.     US oil companies require a significant amount of oil in order to produce a barrel of oil.  Because the US is such a large oil producer then it requires a large amount of oil to produce a single US Dollar.     Therefore the currency in which you trade oil futures contracts must be the US Dollar.
So a person needs a certain type of blood to survive. let's call it blood type A, B, C, D, and E. so this blood company gets a donation from some poor sap, says hey you gotta give us back blood type O, he's got all A types. they try it, it doesn't work, they have to resort to using regular blood to transfuse the O. Why did they have to resort to that? Because regular blood doesn't have the right antibodies to fight against. it doesn't match.
During a concert, a singer is likely listening to the performance. If they have an earpiece, it is likely a phone call from the promoter. It could be helpful information. For example, you want to know if your tickets are in advance or will be at the box office. Or if they have a video that needs to be uploaded to YouTube.
Reservoir dams are curved because the water in the reservoir wants to flow downhill. Curving the walls of the structure down towards the lake allows gravity to work against the pressure of the reservoir water. The dam will most likely fail and lose part of its structure if the down force is too small.
Brushing your teeth is more than just habit for humans, non human animals, who have their teeth have a number of factors that could be contributing to the preference.  Teeth and gums have many micro-organisms that can do numerous things from keeping your teeth healthy to contributing to your overall aesthetic appeal.  Non human animals with bad teeth have it because they are not utilizing good dental care and we as humans are more apt to brush our teeth regardless of factors.  We also might not think of brushing our teeth as a habit for animals but when we look at our friends, neighbors, loved ones, the animals we see that have acceptable teeth we associate it with being a habit.
Churches / other religious fronts are exempt from tax in various jurisdictions in the world for a variety of reasons. Generally, they're exempt for public policy / moral / legal / or humanitarian reasons.
I think it started because the first talk shows were on television. The hosts stood on either side of the set, facing the camera and the guests were shown on the left side of the screen. Trick question! Talk shows have a long history and the hosts have always changed so the visual language is changing to the hosts in the current era standing to the right of the set.
Have you ever wondered why people who live in places with bad air often complain of a foul smell? Some believe that smell is a form of self identification, or even that it has emotional value. While this might be true in general, there is evidence that our sense of smell is limited and less acute than that of other primates. One theory is that humans lost this sense as they evolved into apex predators - we no longer have to rely on our sense of smell for our food supply. If we did have to rely on it, we would now have a stronger sense of smell to detect toxins from other animals and our destruction. However, the opposite is true, and humans rely on their sense of smell much more than other animals to be able to detect the toxins in our food supply. This means that smell is a sense that is not as valuable to us as it is to other animals.
During the medieval period, there were no written laws. Power was administered through land ownership and the privileges and privileges attached to it. This meant that certain families held higher ranking than others, and could issue taxes at lower rates, etc.  For that reason, during the early stages of the Medieval period there were a select few families called the royal families, which controlled many of the major land holdings. These families did so by marrying into the nobility, or marrying low-ranking nobles, thus transferring their land into their own hands.  As the medieval period continued, the number of noble families became very large, which gave them a considerable amount of power in terms of administration and control of land. This is why a family could claim nobility and entitled them to certain privileges.
Resolution and dimensions are not related. Resolution is only used to size images, which is a separate concept from dimension. Let's take a look at a 3x5 print for example. That would be 3 feet by 5 feet. If I took a photo with a 3 megapixel camera, the printed image dimensions would be roughly 300 by 500 pixels. The quality of the photo would remain the same, but the photo size would be greatly reduced.
I am not sure who the Clockwork Orange is aimed at, but if you like the book this could be a good movie to watch based on the movie. The movie is about the violent and destructive aspects of a society that is fixated on time and efficiency.  The story is told through the perspective of a sociopath child who lives his life out of control. He does whatever he wants, however he wants. The message I am missing is in the title - "A Clockwork Orange".
Lobbyists give campaign donations to politicians in return for access to influence them. Access is then used to gain financial gain for the lobbyist. So in return for getting access to influence politicians in their industry (usually in the form of giving campaign donations), lobbyists receive financial gain from the legislation or regulations their industry lobbies for. This is why lobbyists often complain that it's not "ethical" for politicians to grant lobbyists access. In fact it's completely normal, expected and ethical. So it's called corruption.
Presumably because they make our high less painful.
Planets form from the gravity of the bigger things around them. Smaller pieces of rock or other matter orbiting a larger mass fall into the larger mass, then that gravitational pull puts more massive objects into orbit around the smaller one. That process keeps going and building up, leading to the planet we live on today. The core is hot because it's getting closer to the surface as most of the mass is in the middle.
The reasoning for the attack on Hawaii is not known with certainty, but is thought to have had three main objectives: 1. To create a political and military crisis with the US that would facilitate a more rapid devaluation of its own forces, thereby securing a rapid, if limited, strategic and economic victory 2. To rally its soldiers and enlist the support of the home populace by promising them a `miracle' victory over the United States 3. To inflame anti-Japanese sentiment among the Japanese people and use that to drive an agenda of total national reconstruction and empowerment.
prescribed burns are good for the environment because they help regreen the forests by removing trees that are dead or can't grow back.  These dead trees fall to the ground and cause emissions of carbon when they hit the ground.  Prescribed burns also create some surface fire, which releases even more of the captured CO2 into the atmosphere.
There are several factors that contribute to a man finding lesbian relations sexy. 1) It's often more taboo for men than for women (especially men in authority) so they have an easier time dismissing their sexual attraction to women. 2) It's typically consensual, so they can more easily rationalize that their attraction is really just based on them wanting to see something out of the ordinary. 3) Often it's simply because they haven't experienced that type of relationship before.
First, let me explain that I don't know this guy.  Second, let me explain that I am 28 years old, and have many friends who are under the legal age to consume alcohol.  Third, let me explain that there are various ways that someone may be under the legal drinking age, including having their birthday later than December 31st.  This last point is important because the same birthday would also mean that they have turned 11 years old - the age at which someone can purchase alcohol in California.  I'm a 28 year old male, and I can personally know people who are 11 years old.  Not all people that are under the legal drinking age are minors, of course, and depending on the circumstances some adults may allow minors to purchase alcohol.  However, minors should be aware that there are laws in California regarding alcohol consumption and driving, and that underage drinkers may face significant legal consequences.  For example, a search of California's DUI laws reveals that the consequence for those driving under the influence of alcohol that are under the legal drinking age is a maximum of three days in jail and a $1000 fine.  That is a hefty consequence for a minor, who is almost certainly a victim of circumstances, and who is likely not
Blonde people typically have blonde pubes. Redheads have noticeable red pubes. Hence, redheads typically have dark pubes. Redheads who have blonde pubes have some type of rare condition called Paradine La Menthe or "La Menthe rouge" where their hair does not darken with age (hence the name redhead)
" The truth" is a value that represents our best judgment of what happened.  As a matter of practice, an attorney may first ask if the defendant committed the crime to determine if the defendant is in fact the person who committed the crime.  If the defendant responds in the affirmative, then the attorney can proceed to question the defendant to determine what, if anything, the defendant knows about the crime.  The basic theory being that if the defendant knows something, the attorney will likely be able to use evidence of the defendant's knowledge against the defendant in the event that they do in fact commit the crime.
You're right, others probably won't fully get your unique voice. However, if I was to guess, I'd say most of your unique voice is in yourintonal filter, which plays a big part in how you sound. Someone might think they're getting your true voice because yourintonal filter is similar, but what really matters is how you sound like.
Penis size is different for every male.  Exercise like, aerobics or weightlifting will not increase penis size.  One should not diet to increase penis size either.  The sizes of penises are similar to those of women and you don't want to go out and buy a new dress because your current one is simply too small.  It's recommended that men get at least 10 inches erect, although I'm not sure why since most sexual penetration (oral or vaginal) will cause blood flow to the penis which fills it.  I don't know why anyone would go out and buy smaller sizes considering the extra expense of larger sizes.
I dont understand the question, but it looks like you can use headphones or speakers to listen to internet radio stations.
This feature is part of the design of the YouTube platform.  By allowing users to go back one page in YouTube, the site has an easy to use "Back" button which allows users to quickly return to a previous page in the website.  By default, when you click on the "Back" button it will reload the page you were on the last time you clicked it.  However, the server recognizes the user has already been to that page and does not try to send the request again, saving on bandwidth and reducing server load.  If the user clicks the "Back" button a second time, YouTube will send the request again and load the page you were on the second time you clicked the "Back" button.  By repeating this process a second time, the server will realize that you have been to the page a total of 2 times and will send the request 3 times, then 4 times, etc.  Thus, after the third time you click "Back", you are returned to the page you were on the first time you clicked "Back", and so forth.
Cats have the need to push stuff off the tables and shelves because that is what they evolved to do.  Over time, they developed this instinct as an automatic response to get food.  When a cat is hungry, their natural instinct is to nudge a bowl or pan towards a nearby limb, and expect to be rewarded with food.  Cats that are allowed to continue to eat regularly once they reached adulthood often continue to push food onto their owner's plate.
Diabetics often develop Calluses on the bottom of their feet. These Calluses can become so thick that they can damage the nerves and blood vessels underneath, and can lead to Ingrown Toenails. Toenails can also grow too long and need to be cut. This can also damage the nerves and blood vessels underneath, and lead to Enlarged Palsy Vessels which can cause strokes.
Until the 19th century scientists thought there was only three dimensions of space - up, down, and side to side. However, through the development of a more modern understanding of science and geometry, they realized that there had to be more than three dimensions of space, because the geometry of our universe requires it. To explain this additional dimension, scientists theorized that time was a dimension too. This is how Einstein developed his theory of relativity to explain the physics of our universe and how quantum mechanics explains how atoms and molecules behave.
The halo is a symbol of Christianity which means eternal life.
I'm not sure that that is a very good explanation for why HIV is more prevalent in Asia than Africa, but there is some evidence to suggest that there may be a link between injection drug use in Asia and the HIV epidemic in that region. While there is certainly a sex trade component to the HIV epidemic in Africa, this is primarily due to the disproportionate levels of poverty and human rights abuses in that region, not the sex trade as a whole.
Spicy food riles you up and makes your stomach feel a bit empty. So you crave more of it. But if you don't drink water immediately, your stomach will release an important hormone that will help your tongue drop the heat. So you are left to suffer for a longer time until your tongue heats up again.
Unfortunately, there is insufficient medical knowledge to determine if creating such a species would be safe or effective. Also, ethical questions arise as to whether creating such a species would represent a change in our relationship with animals.
Yes, the way in which the particles are distributed in the atom gives the atom its unique properties.  For example, the type of particle can give an atom its metallic or non-metallic properties. If the particle is an electron, then an atom will be non-metallic. If the particle is a proton, then the atom will be metallic.  This can also be applied to the way the particle is distributed within the atom. For example, consider a substance that is 50% gold and 50% lead. Because of the way they are distributed, gold atoms will tend to bond with each other and form gold bonds, whereas lead atoms will tend to bond with other lead atoms rather than bond with each other or bond with gold atoms. This leads to a less efficient bonding process, and so this combination of substances has a lower density than pure gold or lead. Therefore, this material will be less dense than pure gold or lead. However, lead atoms are smaller than gold atoms, so more lead atoms will be clustered together, giving lead its non-metallic properties.
Someone's trying to play a prank on you! It's a Jewish thing to do.
If I were to try to explain how bugs are made, I don't think I could even begin to answer it. What I will try to explain is how I imagine it works and you decide whether or not it makes sense to you.  There are generally two ways a program can fail. Either it will fail completely or it will crash. A complete failure might look like a segmentation fault. Segmentation faults can be due to a lot of reasons, including a infinite recursion, a stack overflow or simply running out of memory. Sometimes crash is not so clear cut, it could be something much simpler like a bug. Some call them edge cases, others call them bugs. If you have ever worked on a product that has a bug, you already know what it is like to have a bug.  A bug occurs when something unexpected happens. A bug can manifest in many different ways, from causing a catastrophic failure to crashing to simply displaying wrong output. Bugs are both hard to create and hard to detect. The designer has to carefully balance all the different factors involved and typically fails at this. The end result is that most software today has bugs.
The earth is moving around the sun and is taking our current position in the solar system with it. The sun is moving around the galaxy and is also taking our position in the universe with it. The galaxy is moving around the universe and is taking a new position in the universe with it. The universe is moving around the origins point and is taking a new origin point with it. The position of the earth in the solar system is taking a new position and our current constellation is not aligned with the new position.
The best answer is you're probably not asking the right question. When you feel tired, you're most likely not getting enough sleep. Getting good quality sleep is imperative for productivity and wellbeing. If you're able to get at least 8 hours of quality sleep every night, you'll be well on your way to feeling great.  If you enjoy reading, perhaps try reading a book that you're interested in. You'll be able to keep your mind engaged and stay awake longer. One suggestion is to look for audiobook versions to get your reading material while on the go. If you do feel tired while driving, try taking a nap during your commute. A 20 minute nap will do wonders to help you stay awake for longer.
Male animals do not have scrotums, which contain the testosterone used in artificial insemination. Without this testosterone, the implantation of an egg capsule does not have the same effect as in a male, resulting in lower reproduction rates. Because animals are raised as factory farming animals, male animals are caged and their scrotums are often destroyed, making them infertile, unless a vasectomy is performed.
We do not have a North and a True North. We have a North and a Magnetic North. The true North refers to the geographical North Pole which is actually magnetic North. What a magnet in your fridge perceives as the North Pole is not the true North Pole and what you are looking at is a projection of the magnetic North.
The truth is much more prosaic. In 1997 the US government's National Academy of Sciences reported that "there is widespread agreement among specialists in the fields of climate science and medicine that extreme climate events like heavy snowstorms, droughts, heat waves, and hurricanes may rise in severity and/or frequency because of global warming". As a result the term "global warming" replaced the much more vague term "global climate change".
When you get in a car it was either you or someone else that put the defroster on. At that time defroster was only available on rearview mirror so the rear windshield would be free for the windshield. You remove the grid when you need to use the defroster. The convenience of the rearview mirror made it so people did not opt to have windshields at all. This also makes it easier to see which way is rear when driving.
When you wait for time to pass to be able to pee, what's happening in your body is the process of getting ready to pee called vasodilation. When you stand there waiting, your skeletal muscles are contracting to make sure you don't fall over, and the blood is moving to your extremities so that you don't pass out.
Isopropyl alcohol, ethyl alcohol, and methyl alcohol all contain a alcohol molecule. Alcohol is an organic chemical that can be toxic in high amounts. When compared to water, alcohol is a weak solvent. Isopropyl alcohol is fairly similar to water. Ethyl alcohol is a lot more like alcohol than water. Alcohol is a good solvent for rubbing alcohol and oils.
Sugar is considered to be one of the worst things you can put in your mouth. You can't put too much sugar in your mouth at one time as it's a natural cleansing agent that will remove plaque and other particles from your teeth. You can do a lot of damage with all the sugar you eat in a day. As much as you try to limit yourself or cheat you can't go over 45 grams of sugar in a day. If you do, you'll damage your teeth over time.
Donuts are not healthy. The oil they are cooked in is also unhealthy. Fried food is not good for you.
It is hard to say why prescription drugs are so expensive in the US compared to other countries because the market is complicated and the competition is fierce. However, one likely contributing factor is the monopoly of the FDA, which approves all prescription drugs before they can be sold in the US. In some cases this can prevent generic versions of the same drug from being available, even if there is a generic version of the drug already on the market elsewhere in the world.
Vomiting is involuntary and the function of vomiting is to get rid of potentially harmful substances in your body. This can be due to stress/emotions, sudden pain, extreme nauseas, food poisoning, etc. We used to think it was just because you were hungry and could not eat, but recent research show vomiting is a biological response to protect the brain from harmful substances that would otherwise accumulate.
The thing is that just because you can design a vacuum like garment does not mean that everyone will buy it. There is a huge market for individuals that already wear a certain size and shape and are more concerned with comfort then following fashions. As a manufacturer you would lose focus on creating what customers actually want and would have to cater to many different segments instead of one single one.
First of all there is a very broad question of validity of proving or disproving climate change. The problem is the complexity of climate system and our ability to measure it correctly and its inputs. What we can say with a high confidence that climate has changed in the past and it will change in the near future. The most striking evidence of climate change was the climatological evolution in the 20th century. It is the most unambiguous proof of change in climate which started in the middle of 19th century. Human activity contributes to the change of climate. By the way, we are responsible for the so called for past emissions of greenhouse gases, which are the reason for the change of climate. There is no escape from it and one should be ready for the changes of climate. But you are right, climate change is a difficult question. Especially in times when we are living through the pandemic of COVID and all our lives are disrupted, we are not so ready to dig into the complexity of climate system and to question all its basic inputs. There is no escape from it.
The 10W on a 1.2W bulb means that the total power being emitted from the bulb is 12W.
He said some things. He either told the public a classified was missed, which it wasn't, or he got "verified" information that wasn't true, or he never said anything. It is hard to tell the truth when the entire news show is scripted and the only information coming in is from the people who are telling the story.
Major procedures in the US are very expensive.  It depends on the procedure, but a basic hospitalization can cost over $100,000, and you can be looking at much more than that if you include doctors, tests, medicines, and other things that go into the price of a medical stay. This is even before you account for what can end up being an ongoing cost for the duration of your stay - things like surgery-related infections that can be painful and expensive to treat.  So, this is an important question, and one which the public discourse tends to focus on in a way that can be distracting from the more fundamental issue of how our healthcare system is funded and how things like coverage through your job or lack thereof plays a role in determining access to care. However, there are certainly causes for concern around this topic.   From a purely economic perspective, access to healthcare is a source of fundamental inefficiency in our system - you need to go to a doctor or a hospital to get care, so why not have everyone in the population go to the doctor or the hospital? Well, the problem is that the patient care that is provided has to be subsidized by everyone else paying for the system. This creates a classic cause for public sector deficits
The radiation in Chernobyl was much stronger than the Hiroshima radiation. Radiation kills you cells much faster and effects larger amount of cells. If you look at the size of the two cities, the population of Hiroshima is much larger then that of Chernobyl, then you will also have much less serious consequences from a radiation standpoint
This is not a joke, let me explain. I would not be here today had I not done some research before contacting you, so please pay attention. I have done some digging on the internet and come across an article regarding taste evolution, it is an interesting read. It states that our taste buds physically change with age and start recognizing more bitter, spicier and saltier tastes.  This phenomenon has been proven to work both ways, i.e, as we age our taste buds " adapt " to foods that are considered more trendy or " adult " by society. I personally would love to have a sweet tooth!
Police have expressed concern that adding body cameras would increase the amount of time it takes to process body cams, which could lead to more erroneous accusations being thrown out and incorrect convictions.  There is no definitive evidence to support this concern. Police have also expressed concern that some people may not adopt body cams or they may not find them useful.
From my understanding, cancer starts with a mutation in a gene or set of genes that our body uses to check our internal and external environment and make decisions. Without that gene the cells in the body cannot properly react to their surroundings. This then forces the cells to react uncontrollably, either by multiplying at an abnormally high rate leading to the formation of tumors or by clogging up the body's system trying to get out and destroying parts of the body.
When someone has testicular cancer, they do not remove their testicles because the cancer had already spread to the area around the testicles, and removing the testicles would only accelerate the spread of the cancer.
Humans have different bloodtypes because our distant ancestors had children with other species. These species mated with our ancestors and produced children with the same bloodtypes as the child catcher.
Rubber acts as a dielectric substance and it interacts with Electricity in the form of Electric Field which changes the shape and also flows in the form of Electromagnetic Waves. When there is a change in Electric field which is caused by the presence of rubber, the flowing electromagnetic waves change the position of electrons in the rubber, which in return change the Dipole moment of the electrons. The change in Dipole moment in turn causes change in electrical resistance and heat generation in the form of Joule effect. The heat melts the rubber further increasing the Electromagnetic Field causing further change in electrical resistance and heat generation.  In simple words this phenomenon is called Resistive Switching. It is one of the leading candidate for the implementation in Future Electronic Devices.
When we tune in to a radio station on AM radio our radio tuner emits an electromagnetic signal at a frequency of about 400KHz, the signal hits a FM radio antenna and excites the FM radio to reproduce the signal at 14,000KHz which in turn comes out of our radio speakers.   The electrical energy to excite the FM radio is provided by a battery that powers the radio. As we normally use the radio during the day when the FM radio is broadcasting, our FM radio uses the stored electrical energy from the battery to produce the 1400KHz AM radio signal.  Now this sounds like a great story but the electrical energy provided by the battery is actually 1000 times less than what we hear. The energy we hear is a sine wave with a frequency of 400KHz and the voltage across the antenna has to be great than 900V, for that the battery needs to have a voltage of 18V which it doesn't have.   Also the strength of the radio wave changes from AM to FM, if we use a directional antenna it can get stronger, so what happens when we point it down the drain and that goes to the FM radio antenna.
Lucid dreaming is more of a mindset and practice. It comes down to making sure you are focusing on your breathing and becoming more aware of your surroundings, especially your bedroom. Being aware of the house helps with blocking out extraneous stimuli such as turning off the lights, closing your eyes etc.. You will naturally start to lucid dream more often with regular practice.
Because mirrors are curved, and the light rays travel in straight lines, and the mirror surface reflects the light in all directions like a sphere, infrared thermometers measure the mirror's surface. The real surface is always the one that the object being measured reflect on.
Let me first clarify what I mean by a social networking site. A social networking site is NOT just a website that allows people to connect with each other. It has evolved from just connecting with friends and family. A social networking site can be like facebook. A social networking site is a platform that allows you to create a public and private persona. While public, you can express what you are passionate about and post content about it and across networks (like LinkedIn). With private persona, you can express more about who you are and confide in your friends and family. Facebook is a social networking site that has made people extremely comfortable with being themselves on it. As it continues to make billions of dollars each year, it is investing in research and development and scaling its platform to handle the load.
Circumcision is a practice which has been done to male infants for countless of years. The benefits of being uncircumcised are clear, easier hygiene and quicker wound healing . The cons are, according to this article  - related to the Rijksen study , slightly more risk of UTIs, slightly increased mortality due to infections at the following six months. What does the 'Denmark is about to vote on banning the process in their country' quote mean? The paper, " Sexual decision making in early adulthood" by Piers Morgan ( an opinion writer for the the'Daily Mail') writes in a recent article that Denmark, a Nordic country, is to vote on banning male circumcision. Morgan goes on to explain how this process became so popular in the USA and why. The article has been shared by the British Ambassador to the USA . The  Daily Mail article is as follows - "Sexual decision making in early adulthood" by Piers Morgan. ( source: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4093738/Sexual-decision-making-early-adulthood-Piers-Morgan.html ) From the link, this is what I gathered
VHS tapes contain a hole in them for a piece of audio wire called a "insert" to be run through the hole and directly into the deck of the video recorder. As soon as the VHS is inserted into a VCR, the VCR searches for an inserted audio insert, removes the audio insert from the VHS tape, routes the audio signal through the audio insert and into the deck.
Two main aspects contribute to microphone's ability to not repeat what it "hears " from the speakers :  1 - The way the soundwaves are captured by the microphone. 2 - The way the audio is processed by the system.  First part is related to the way the soundwaves are captured. Microphones generally rely on sensing sound waves in all directions at different angles. This is achieved using smallpitched sound sensors placed near the microphone's earpiece. The sound is converted into an electrical signal and then the signal is converted into sound as it travels to the microphone's other earpiece. As for the audio processing, most audio processing involves separating the desired audio from all others, this is done by analyzing the frequency content of the audio. The desired audio signal has a consistent frequency content, whereas other sounds may vary considerably in frequency content. So what the audio system does is first analyze the input signal to determine its frequency content. Then it " copies " or filters the content of the desired sound. Finally it uses the filtered content as the reference for further audio processing.  If we look at your example of a skype call, I am able to hear your voice and also the person you are calling because the input signal into the audio processing has
Libertarians believe in the non-agression principle. This basically says that each person should be free to make decisions that affect them without the need for some central authority to decide what those decisions should be. Anarchy on the other hand does not necessarily adhere to this idea, and therefore does not believe in libertarians.
That's a perfectly normal human emotion known as fear. The feeling of fear is natural and universal. Our bodies react and produce certain hormones to help calm our nerves. It's part of the physiological response to anything or anyone that we are not familiar with and it's something we need to get used to. Most people overcome their fear of unfamiliar things after a period of time. Take your time and remember it's not real. You're not in danger. You can do this. Relax.
This depends on the doctor and the particular doctors opinions.  On average, a MRI is thought to be the best, however, some doctors will prefer a CAT or XRAY.  They all have advantages and disadvantages. MRI can show much more detailed images of the body than the others. However, it can also be very expensive and requires specialized scanners that only a few medical facilities have. CAT scans use a low dose of radiation and can show detailed images, but the images are not as detailed as an MRI. XRAY scans use a low dose of radiation, but can only show detailed images of the lungs and blood flow. PET scans use a low dose of radiation and can show detailed images of the body, but are only effective in showing the functions of the organs. A PET scan requires about 20 minutes to be completed and is not useful for showing the detailed images of the lungs and blood flow like an XRAY scan is.
Because they were "baby" beanie babies. They were considered "sustainable money" at the time for a child in the 1960s/1970s because of the baby market in the 1960s/1970s. In other words, the average price of a beanie baby was high enough that it was economically sustainable for a child to be able to buy one.
Run as Administrator implies that your application is running as an account with Administrator rights and credentials.   This isn't necessarily the case for Windows Shell applications like WinRunC, so by default, they run as your regular user and not with Administrator rights.  WinRunC, is actually an example of a Windows API which is marked as requiring Administrator privileges to run. Even though WinRunC is marked as requiring Administrator privileges, running WinRunC through the Windows Shell still runs it with the regular Windows user context and does not provide Administrator privileges to the shell context.
Boiling water does not kill microorganisms whereas very hot not boiling water will kill most microorganisms.  This is because the water boils suddenly and violently which causes the water to evaporate very quickly. This causes the microorganisms to implode and explode due to the sudden change in pressure and heat. Boiling water should never be used for drinking, cooking or cleaning as it can kill microorganisms.
When you get a parking ticket in Los Angeles ( LA ) you might get a fine of about $35. If you don't pay that fine within 30 days the ticket will be invalidated and you will be penalized a three point suspension. The suspension takes effect immediately and the parking ticket goes inactive. If you pay the fine before the 30 days have passed you will get a ticket with a zero point penalty. The fine will remain the same but the ticket will be considered paid and won't count against your suspension.
It is highly unlikely that two different people would see the same color and call it red. While the human eye is capable of differentiating between very small color differences, most people cannot distinguish similar shades of gray or brown.   If a particular shade of red is a match for what you call red, it would only happen once in a billion years, since the number of galaxies in the universe is estimated to be a billion. But most people are wrong at least once a day, and that is considering a very strong tendency to repeat responses to a specific question. So there is about a one in a trillion chance that what you call red is in fact what another person calls red.
When a random command is issued to a computer, it has to generate a sequence of instructions using a randomizer and then execute them. This is because instructions are the basis on which the computer performs tasks. When randomizer is some function that returns a sequence of numbers, then the computer begins with the first number in the sequence and performs the instruction indicated by the first instruction. When the instruction returns a result, the next number in the sequence is used as the next instruction. The process continues until the last instruction returns a result. If there is no randomizer, then each instruction is unique and they have to be performed in sequence.
Many people may do weird faces while working out / carrying heavy objects because it's the most efficient way to work out, or let's say, the most efficient way for you to carry those heavy objects to avoid injuring yourself is to make a weird face
Each of us has a multitude of biological and environmental factors that influence our ability to fall asleep. One of the biological factors is your central nervous system being in a state of homeostasis or stability. You enter deep sleep when your central nervous system is in a state of homeostasis which is the body's ability to return to a balance of nervous activity. For me personally, I feel most comfortable and relaxed when I enter deep sleep and my central nervous system is in a stable state.   Environmental factors also play a role in our ability to fall asleep. We might live in an environment with a lot of lights, sensory stimulation or bright noises all night which will tire our body out and prevent us from falling asleep. It's also important to note that falling asleep could be prevented even if the environment is not keeping you awake. Our mind can also prevent us from falling asleep through an overactive imagination, negative thoughts or worries.
If you switch your mind to the equation 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 = n  You get n = 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 = 21  So the answer is: 21.
What you say is totally right. However in many countries of the world that doesn't work because the native language of the countries is written using non-English characters. When you type this text into Google, for example, it fails to translate the name of the country into English! We thus teach the students the names of countries in their native languages so that they will be able to communicate and learn the names of countries from foreigners too!
No - Knock Warrants are legal in the US because of the 4th Amendment to the US Constitution. The 4th Amendment states that "[t]he right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated." The US Supreme Court ruled that a home owner can ask an intruder to leave their property if the home owner has a reasonable suspicion that the suspect is there to commit a crime.
The flame won't travel down the gas line because the flame tapper that's built into most gas stoves prevents the flame from traveling down the line. The flame tapper is designed to be activated by the flame touching a filament in the base of the stove that's connected to a small battery. When the battery is activated the mechanism that's built into the stove moves, closing a circuit to the burner, cutting off the gas supply to the burner so the flame can't travel down the gas line.
Bethesda and Valve employees aren't known to reveal what they are working on. Both of these companies pride themselves on not revealing too much information about their games, including potentially breaking content.
Both are valid ways to pronounce the letter " W ". The British pronounce it " double - v " and the Americans pronounce it " double - u ". The way that matters most to Americans is that the " v " is pronounced as in the English word " vibration ", and the American pronunciation guide from the American Speech-Language-Immunology Society (ASI) takes this into account when forming " double - u ". However, there is a second approach to pronouncing " W " which is not accounted for by ASI. That approach is called "Wiy-braid", which is a combination of the sounds for "why" and "yeah". This latter approach is the one that Brits tend to use, which is why British import "double - v" into the U.S. and pronounce " W " as they do. This is why Brits pronounce " Kraft Music Hall " as " Kraft double- v Music Hall " and not " Kraft Music Hall " as it would be spelled.
The earth is commonly referred to as a female because for most of human history, it was thought to be a female.  It was common for women to be viewed as "mother" or " matron " and the earth was similarly viewed as the place of birth and creation.    It is interesting to note that in the 16th and 17th century, it was common for the god Jupiter to be referred to as "he".  This was a way to soften the gender associated with him.
Well firstly, everyone is different so here's an example of what works for one person and might not work for another.  Someone watches a lot of porn, this allows them to see lots of different sexual experiences and even though they might not be into the act of having those experiences themselves, they can observe and imagine themselves in a scenario that might turn them on.  Having an appreciation of how different people present and act in similar situations allows you to be more yourself, to empathise more with your partner and to be able to play your part in an activity that can still be intimate without you feeling like you're being invaded.
People use old technology to sound smart which actually hinders your ability to communicate. Its not just old radio and tv either. The cell phones and ipads people are using these days uses a lot of computing power, and also many people use texting and social media which limits their ability to listen and speak with others in a more organic manner.
