There are several ways to do it. Some methods may not apply to some of the other posts in this forum, and depending on your purpose they may not be the best approach. In this case it may be easier to have the actors wear a "skin" made of another color.  On the other hand, this is a practical question, so if it is possible, it might be worth investigating.
The number plate of an vehicle is sometimes called a VIN, Vehicle Identification Number, or sometimes just VIN. VIN is a unique alphanumeric string that describes the make, model and sometimes even the year of the vehicle. VINs can be from different sources, though mostly they are the registered number of the vehicle with the responsible authority. So for example, if you register a car with the auto sector organisation in your country, their is a one to one mapping between the numbers of your car certificate and the VIN of your car. The VIN of a vehicle has a finite size, it can not grow or change. The VIN of an older vehicle is part of the VIN of a newer vehicle, and so forth. Therefore the VIN of a vehicle is sort of immutable, which makes it easy to memorise it. However the process of memorising the VIN is called car registration, which also has the advantage that it can be automated. Car registration is actually very hard and still requires human expertise today to achieve certain levels of success. In simple terms, car registration requires having a very deep background knowledge of automotive technology and industry. It is this level of knowledge and experience that allows human car registration services to achieve something close to
Graphics and models are key elements of computer games and their systems are designed to lure you into buying expensive items that will enhance those graphics. These items often have no benefits to gameplay whatsoever and are nothing more than pieces of art to look at. The primary reason that people are willing to spend thousands of dollars on such items is for aesthetic pleasure and to stand out from the crowd.
The war on drugs has been a failure. Marijuana has many medical benefits and less harmful than alcohol. Legalizing marijuana will reduce the profits of corporations that produce marijuana drugs and prevent abuse by minors.
Simple answer, it is the money. Companies with lesser presence in the domestic market prefer to outsource their tech / customer support to reduce their operational cost. It is true that they need to ensure that the foreign resource has the requisite language and cultural skills to respond to customer queries, but this can be done with relative ease with a budget of below $10k.
There are many interesting answers to this question but the accepted answer is that animals don't hear digital sounds because they are not made for that purpose. Digital sounds use a number of electric currents running through resistors, capacitors, and transistors to send a message which can be understood by humans. Animal sounds, like the whooshing sound of a running dog, are made using a very specific combinations of muscles in the animal's body which can not be replicated using technology.
Super glue cannot bind in the vacuum of space, that's why it's commonly used in space. If you want to create a self sustaining colony in space, super glue will not be a good choice because without any way to replenish oxygen, your colony will not survive long.
I do not think anyone knows for sure, but it may be a reference to a third party who provided a clean lineage through Mary's husband, Joseph, which the early church propagated. Since Mary and Joseph had no genetic relationship, the church could portray them as having married in a legal setting despite their obvious affection. This allowed them to divorce later on without repercussions. They continued on to have children through this union. It might be a satirical allusion to Christ's institution as the son of God, who was borne by the Virgin Mary in order to allow the early Christian Church to continue on his lineage.
According to Samsung, the curve adjusts how bright or dark content is displayed in order to make it look sharper and more natural. The concept is similar to adjusting the " level " of contrast on TVs. It's actually a pretty useful feature, but the implementation makes it feel like useless fluff.  If you're into video editing or color correction, it might actually be helpful. Otherwise, it's purely a gimmick and adds little or no value to the TV.
Zoning works like this, Westminster has set out rules about what can and cannot be built within the borough. The local council enforces these rules. Outside of the city, in country areas, land is owned by the country. This means that building on that land is not zoned and therefore not regulated.
Objects in motion tend to stay in motion, this is called inertia. Objects with less mass tend to move at a higher velocity compared to objects with more mass. However this is not the case with clocks because in physics time is not affected by the velocity of an object. Speed of light has been experimentally observed to remain the same even when moving at high velocities. The time is measured using a standard atomic clock. Based on the time taken for light to travel to a stationary observer and back we can now measure time in different reference frame and this becomes irrelevant because light is known to travel faster than the speed of light. Speed of light = c
The video shows that the spinning tire feels like it is rotating in one direction, but the road texture under the tire appears to be rotating the other direction.  It is not spinning upside down, as the tire is on a wheel, and the road texture is not flat.  Rather, the road texture is curved.  Under the tire, the road texture is curved in the direction that the tire is spinning, which makes the tire appear to be rotating the other way.
Chinese alphabet is composed of 26 basic characters. People generally use characters that are 1-7 or 1-9. However, some regions have developed their own characters and use them instead of the common ones. There is also a character that looks like Cyrillic 'џ' but it has a very different pronunciation. It is hard to pronounce but very widely used in business documents. In Chinese, words are constructed by joining together any number of characters. As such, people usually employ character combinations to create words. So in order to pronounce the words, people will write them in the order of their pronunciation. For example, a person writes 嘿 bah is not uncommon. This means Hello in Chinese. Given that the characters in Chinese are comprised of other characters, and the order of words is the same as the order of characters, Chinese people often group characters in sets with similar pronunciation so that they can pronounce words in the set of characters in the same order. For example, 李 is pronounced Li or Lee. So would you say Lee or Li when saying hello? This is why Chinese people often group characters together in sets. Another example is 京. People pronounce it Jing and it sounds much more sophisticated than saying Jin
I don't know if there is a "why" in particular, but capitalism seems to sometimes feel like an obligation. This can be because it is a system that relies on hard work in a free market economy for it's mechanism to function, or because capitalism, in the common popular definition, is a system where you "work as hard as you want to, as little or as much as you want to" and more often than not, the promise of capitalism is that one day, you will be able to work as hard as you want to, which is a feel good motivation that has certainly been effective in motivating me in the past.
US oil supply and demand affects the price of oil. The currency in which you trade oil futures contracts is determined by the US Dollar-Australian Dollar (DOLL) exchange rate (ie: 1 US Dollar = 1 DOLL).     Australian Dollar is a currency that is only used by Australia.     If Australians wanted to trade oil with the US then they would need to have the Australian Dollar to trade oil with the US.     However the Australian Dollar is tied to the US Dollar (via an economic union).     Therefore if Australia did not have the US Dollar then it would be impractical for Australians to trade oil with the US.     US oil companies require a significant amount of oil in order to produce a barrel of oil.  Because the US is such a large oil producer then it requires a large amount of oil to produce a single US Dollar.     Therefore the currency in which you trade oil futures contracts must be the US Dollar.
So a person needs a certain type of blood to survive. let's call it blood type A, B, C, D, and E. so this blood company gets a donation from some poor sap, says hey you gotta give us back blood type O, he's got all A types. they try it, it doesn't work, they have to resort to using regular blood to transfuse the O. Why did they have to resort to that? Because regular blood doesn't have the right antibodies to fight against. it doesn't match.
During a concert, a singer is likely listening to the performance. If they have an earpiece, it is likely a phone call from the promoter. It could be helpful information. For example, you want to know if your tickets are in advance or will be at the box office. Or if they have a video that needs to be uploaded to YouTube.
Reservoir dams are curved because the water in the reservoir wants to flow downhill. Curving the walls of the structure down towards the lake allows gravity to work against the pressure of the reservoir water. The dam will most likely fail and lose part of its structure if the down force is too small.
Brushing your teeth is more than just habit for humans, non human animals, who have their teeth have a number of factors that could be contributing to the preference.  Teeth and gums have many micro-organisms that can do numerous things from keeping your teeth healthy to contributing to your overall aesthetic appeal.  Non human animals with bad teeth have it because they are not utilizing good dental care and we as humans are more apt to brush our teeth regardless of factors.  We also might not think of brushing our teeth as a habit for animals but when we look at our friends, neighbors, loved ones, the animals we see that have acceptable teeth we associate it with being a habit.
Churches / other religious fronts are exempt from tax in various jurisdictions in the world for a variety of reasons. Generally, they're exempt for public policy / moral / legal / or humanitarian reasons.
I think it started because the first talk shows were on television. The hosts stood on either side of the set, facing the camera and the guests were shown on the left side of the screen. Trick question! Talk shows have a long history and the hosts have always changed so the visual language is changing to the hosts in the current era standing to the right of the set.
Have you ever wondered why people who live in places with bad air often complain of a foul smell? Some believe that smell is a form of self identification, or even that it has emotional value. While this might be true in general, there is evidence that our sense of smell is limited and less acute than that of other primates. One theory is that humans lost this sense as they evolved into apex predators - we no longer have to rely on our sense of smell for our food supply. If we did have to rely on it, we would now have a stronger sense of smell to detect toxins from other animals and our destruction. However, the opposite is true, and humans rely on their sense of smell much more than other animals to be able to detect the toxins in our food supply. This means that smell is a sense that is not as valuable to us as it is to other animals.
During the medieval period, there were no written laws. Power was administered through land ownership and the privileges and privileges attached to it. This meant that certain families held higher ranking than others, and could issue taxes at lower rates, etc.  For that reason, during the early stages of the Medieval period there were a select few families called the royal families, which controlled many of the major land holdings. These families did so by marrying into the nobility, or marrying low-ranking nobles, thus transferring their land into their own hands.  As the medieval period continued, the number of noble families became very large, which gave them a considerable amount of power in terms of administration and control of land. This is why a family could claim nobility and entitled them to certain privileges.
Resolution and dimensions are not related. Resolution is only used to size images, which is a separate concept from dimension. Let's take a look at a 3x5 print for example. That would be 3 feet by 5 feet. If I took a photo with a 3 megapixel camera, the printed image dimensions would be roughly 300 by 500 pixels. The quality of the photo would remain the same, but the photo size would be greatly reduced.
I am not sure who the Clockwork Orange is aimed at, but if you like the book this could be a good movie to watch based on the movie. The movie is about the violent and destructive aspects of a society that is fixated on time and efficiency.  The story is told through the perspective of a sociopath child who lives his life out of control. He does whatever he wants, however he wants. The message I am missing is in the title - "A Clockwork Orange".
Lobbyists give campaign donations to politicians in return for access to influence them. Access is then used to gain financial gain for the lobbyist. So in return for getting access to influence politicians in their industry (usually in the form of giving campaign donations), lobbyists receive financial gain from the legislation or regulations their industry lobbies for. This is why lobbyists often complain that it's not "ethical" for politicians to grant lobbyists access. In fact it's completely normal, expected and ethical. So it's called corruption.
Presumably because they make our high less painful.
Planets form from the gravity of the bigger things around them. Smaller pieces of rock or other matter orbiting a larger mass fall into the larger mass, then that gravitational pull puts more massive objects into orbit around the smaller one. That process keeps going and building up, leading to the planet we live on today. The core is hot because it's getting closer to the surface as most of the mass is in the middle.
The reasoning for the attack on Hawaii is not known with certainty, but is thought to have had three main objectives: 1. To create a political and military crisis with the US that would facilitate a more rapid devaluation of its own forces, thereby securing a rapid, if limited, strategic and economic victory 2. To rally its soldiers and enlist the support of the home populace by promising them a `miracle' victory over the United States 3. To inflame anti-Japanese sentiment among the Japanese people and use that to drive an agenda of total national reconstruction and empowerment.
prescribed burns are good for the environment because they help regreen the forests by removing trees that are dead or can't grow back.  These dead trees fall to the ground and cause emissions of carbon when they hit the ground.  Prescribed burns also create some surface fire, which releases even more of the captured CO2 into the atmosphere.
There are several factors that contribute to a man finding lesbian relations sexy. 1) It's often more taboo for men than for women (especially men in authority) so they have an easier time dismissing their sexual attraction to women. 2) It's typically consensual, so they can more easily rationalize that their attraction is really just based on them wanting to see something out of the ordinary. 3) Often it's simply because they haven't experienced that type of relationship before.
First, let me explain that I don't know this guy.  Second, let me explain that I am 28 years old, and have many friends who are under the legal age to consume alcohol.  Third, let me explain that there are various ways that someone may be under the legal drinking age, including having their birthday later than December 31st.  This last point is important because the same birthday would also mean that they have turned 11 years old - the age at which someone can purchase alcohol in California.  I'm a 28 year old male, and I can personally know people who are 11 years old.  Not all people that are under the legal drinking age are minors, of course, and depending on the circumstances some adults may allow minors to purchase alcohol.  However, minors should be aware that there are laws in California regarding alcohol consumption and driving, and that underage drinkers may face significant legal consequences.  For example, a search of California's DUI laws reveals that the consequence for those driving under the influence of alcohol that are under the legal drinking age is a maximum of three days in jail and a $1000 fine.  That is a hefty consequence for a minor, who is almost certainly a victim of circumstances, and who is likely not
Blonde people typically have blonde pubes. Redheads have noticeable red pubes. Hence, redheads typically have dark pubes. Redheads who have blonde pubes have some type of rare condition called Paradine La Menthe or "La Menthe rouge" where their hair does not darken with age (hence the name redhead)
" The truth" is a value that represents our best judgment of what happened.  As a matter of practice, an attorney may first ask if the defendant committed the crime to determine if the defendant is in fact the person who committed the crime.  If the defendant responds in the affirmative, then the attorney can proceed to question the defendant to determine what, if anything, the defendant knows about the crime.  The basic theory being that if the defendant knows something, the attorney will likely be able to use evidence of the defendant's knowledge against the defendant in the event that they do in fact commit the crime.
You're right, others probably won't fully get your unique voice. However, if I was to guess, I'd say most of your unique voice is in yourintonal filter, which plays a big part in how you sound. Someone might think they're getting your true voice because yourintonal filter is similar, but what really matters is how you sound like.
Penis size is different for every male.  Exercise like, aerobics or weightlifting will not increase penis size.  One should not diet to increase penis size either.  The sizes of penises are similar to those of women and you don't want to go out and buy a new dress because your current one is simply too small.  It's recommended that men get at least 10 inches erect, although I'm not sure why since most sexual penetration (oral or vaginal) will cause blood flow to the penis which fills it.  I don't know why anyone would go out and buy smaller sizes considering the extra expense of larger sizes.
I dont understand the question, but it looks like you can use headphones or speakers to listen to internet radio stations.
This feature is part of the design of the YouTube platform.  By allowing users to go back one page in YouTube, the site has an easy to use "Back" button which allows users to quickly return to a previous page in the website.  By default, when you click on the "Back" button it will reload the page you were on the last time you clicked it.  However, the server recognizes the user has already been to that page and does not try to send the request again, saving on bandwidth and reducing server load.  If the user clicks the "Back" button a second time, YouTube will send the request again and load the page you were on the second time you clicked the "Back" button.  By repeating this process a second time, the server will realize that you have been to the page a total of 2 times and will send the request 3 times, then 4 times, etc.  Thus, after the third time you click "Back", you are returned to the page you were on the first time you clicked "Back", and so forth.
Cats have the need to push stuff off the tables and shelves because that is what they evolved to do.  Over time, they developed this instinct as an automatic response to get food.  When a cat is hungry, their natural instinct is to nudge a bowl or pan towards a nearby limb, and expect to be rewarded with food.  Cats that are allowed to continue to eat regularly once they reached adulthood often continue to push food onto their owner's plate.
Diabetics often develop Calluses on the bottom of their feet. These Calluses can become so thick that they can damage the nerves and blood vessels underneath, and can lead to Ingrown Toenails. Toenails can also grow too long and need to be cut. This can also damage the nerves and blood vessels underneath, and lead to Enlarged Palsy Vessels which can cause strokes.
Until the 19th century scientists thought there was only three dimensions of space - up, down, and side to side. However, through the development of a more modern understanding of science and geometry, they realized that there had to be more than three dimensions of space, because the geometry of our universe requires it. To explain this additional dimension, scientists theorized that time was a dimension too. This is how Einstein developed his theory of relativity to explain the physics of our universe and how quantum mechanics explains how atoms and molecules behave.
The halo is a symbol of Christianity which means eternal life.
I'm not sure that that is a very good explanation for why HIV is more prevalent in Asia than Africa, but there is some evidence to suggest that there may be a link between injection drug use in Asia and the HIV epidemic in that region. While there is certainly a sex trade component to the HIV epidemic in Africa, this is primarily due to the disproportionate levels of poverty and human rights abuses in that region, not the sex trade as a whole.
Spicy food riles you up and makes your stomach feel a bit empty. So you crave more of it. But if you don't drink water immediately, your stomach will release an important hormone that will help your tongue drop the heat. So you are left to suffer for a longer time until your tongue heats up again.
Unfortunately, there is insufficient medical knowledge to determine if creating such a species would be safe or effective. Also, ethical questions arise as to whether creating such a species would represent a change in our relationship with animals.
Yes, the way in which the particles are distributed in the atom gives the atom its unique properties.  For example, the type of particle can give an atom its metallic or non-metallic properties. If the particle is an electron, then an atom will be non-metallic. If the particle is a proton, then the atom will be metallic.  This can also be applied to the way the particle is distributed within the atom. For example, consider a substance that is 50% gold and 50% lead. Because of the way they are distributed, gold atoms will tend to bond with each other and form gold bonds, whereas lead atoms will tend to bond with other lead atoms rather than bond with each other or bond with gold atoms. This leads to a less efficient bonding process, and so this combination of substances has a lower density than pure gold or lead. Therefore, this material will be less dense than pure gold or lead. However, lead atoms are smaller than gold atoms, so more lead atoms will be clustered together, giving lead its non-metallic properties.
Someone's trying to play a prank on you! It's a Jewish thing to do.
If I were to try to explain how bugs are made, I don't think I could even begin to answer it. What I will try to explain is how I imagine it works and you decide whether or not it makes sense to you.  There are generally two ways a program can fail. Either it will fail completely or it will crash. A complete failure might look like a segmentation fault. Segmentation faults can be due to a lot of reasons, including a infinite recursion, a stack overflow or simply running out of memory. Sometimes crash is not so clear cut, it could be something much simpler like a bug. Some call them edge cases, others call them bugs. If you have ever worked on a product that has a bug, you already know what it is like to have a bug.  A bug occurs when something unexpected happens. A bug can manifest in many different ways, from causing a catastrophic failure to crashing to simply displaying wrong output. Bugs are both hard to create and hard to detect. The designer has to carefully balance all the different factors involved and typically fails at this. The end result is that most software today has bugs.
The earth is moving around the sun and is taking our current position in the solar system with it. The sun is moving around the galaxy and is also taking our position in the universe with it. The galaxy is moving around the universe and is taking a new position in the universe with it. The universe is moving around the origins point and is taking a new origin point with it. The position of the earth in the solar system is taking a new position and our current constellation is not aligned with the new position.
The best answer is you're probably not asking the right question. When you feel tired, you're most likely not getting enough sleep. Getting good quality sleep is imperative for productivity and wellbeing. If you're able to get at least 8 hours of quality sleep every night, you'll be well on your way to feeling great.  If you enjoy reading, perhaps try reading a book that you're interested in. You'll be able to keep your mind engaged and stay awake longer. One suggestion is to look for audiobook versions to get your reading material while on the go. If you do feel tired while driving, try taking a nap during your commute. A 20 minute nap will do wonders to help you stay awake for longer.
Male animals do not have scrotums, which contain the testosterone used in artificial insemination. Without this testosterone, the implantation of an egg capsule does not have the same effect as in a male, resulting in lower reproduction rates. Because animals are raised as factory farming animals, male animals are caged and their scrotums are often destroyed, making them infertile, unless a vasectomy is performed.
We do not have a North and a True North. We have a North and a Magnetic North. The true North refers to the geographical North Pole which is actually magnetic North. What a magnet in your fridge perceives as the North Pole is not the true North Pole and what you are looking at is a projection of the magnetic North.
The truth is much more prosaic. In 1997 the US government's National Academy of Sciences reported that "there is widespread agreement among specialists in the fields of climate science and medicine that extreme climate events like heavy snowstorms, droughts, heat waves, and hurricanes may rise in severity and/or frequency because of global warming". As a result the term "global warming" replaced the much more vague term "global climate change".
When you get in a car it was either you or someone else that put the defroster on. At that time defroster was only available on rearview mirror so the rear windshield would be free for the windshield. You remove the grid when you need to use the defroster. The convenience of the rearview mirror made it so people did not opt to have windshields at all. This also makes it easier to see which way is rear when driving.
When you wait for time to pass to be able to pee, what's happening in your body is the process of getting ready to pee called vasodilation. When you stand there waiting, your skeletal muscles are contracting to make sure you don't fall over, and the blood is moving to your extremities so that you don't pass out.
Isopropyl alcohol, ethyl alcohol, and methyl alcohol all contain a alcohol molecule. Alcohol is an organic chemical that can be toxic in high amounts. When compared to water, alcohol is a weak solvent. Isopropyl alcohol is fairly similar to water. Ethyl alcohol is a lot more like alcohol than water. Alcohol is a good solvent for rubbing alcohol and oils.
Sugar is considered to be one of the worst things you can put in your mouth. You can't put too much sugar in your mouth at one time as it's a natural cleansing agent that will remove plaque and other particles from your teeth. You can do a lot of damage with all the sugar you eat in a day. As much as you try to limit yourself or cheat you can't go over 45 grams of sugar in a day. If you do, you'll damage your teeth over time.
Donuts are not healthy. The oil they are cooked in is also unhealthy. Fried food is not good for you.
It is hard to say why prescription drugs are so expensive in the US compared to other countries because the market is complicated and the competition is fierce. However, one likely contributing factor is the monopoly of the FDA, which approves all prescription drugs before they can be sold in the US. In some cases this can prevent generic versions of the same drug from being available, even if there is a generic version of the drug already on the market elsewhere in the world.
Vomiting is involuntary and the function of vomiting is to get rid of potentially harmful substances in your body. This can be due to stress/emotions, sudden pain, extreme nauseas, food poisoning, etc. We used to think it was just because you were hungry and could not eat, but recent research show vomiting is a biological response to protect the brain from harmful substances that would otherwise accumulate.
The thing is that just because you can design a vacuum like garment does not mean that everyone will buy it. There is a huge market for individuals that already wear a certain size and shape and are more concerned with comfort then following fashions. As a manufacturer you would lose focus on creating what customers actually want and would have to cater to many different segments instead of one single one.
First of all there is a very broad question of validity of proving or disproving climate change. The problem is the complexity of climate system and our ability to measure it correctly and its inputs. What we can say with a high confidence that climate has changed in the past and it will change in the near future. The most striking evidence of climate change was the climatological evolution in the 20th century. It is the most unambiguous proof of change in climate which started in the middle of 19th century. Human activity contributes to the change of climate. By the way, we are responsible for the so called for past emissions of greenhouse gases, which are the reason for the change of climate. There is no escape from it and one should be ready for the changes of climate. But you are right, climate change is a difficult question. Especially in times when we are living through the pandemic of COVID and all our lives are disrupted, we are not so ready to dig into the complexity of climate system and to question all its basic inputs. There is no escape from it.
The 10W on a 1.2W bulb means that the total power being emitted from the bulb is 12W.
He said some things. He either told the public a classified was missed, which it wasn't, or he got "verified" information that wasn't true, or he never said anything. It is hard to tell the truth when the entire news show is scripted and the only information coming in is from the people who are telling the story.
Major procedures in the US are very expensive.  It depends on the procedure, but a basic hospitalization can cost over $100,000, and you can be looking at much more than that if you include doctors, tests, medicines, and other things that go into the price of a medical stay. This is even before you account for what can end up being an ongoing cost for the duration of your stay - things like surgery-related infections that can be painful and expensive to treat.  So, this is an important question, and one which the public discourse tends to focus on in a way that can be distracting from the more fundamental issue of how our healthcare system is funded and how things like coverage through your job or lack thereof plays a role in determining access to care. However, there are certainly causes for concern around this topic.   From a purely economic perspective, access to healthcare is a source of fundamental inefficiency in our system - you need to go to a doctor or a hospital to get care, so why not have everyone in the population go to the doctor or the hospital? Well, the problem is that the patient care that is provided has to be subsidized by everyone else paying for the system. This creates a classic cause for public sector deficits
The radiation in Chernobyl was much stronger than the Hiroshima radiation. Radiation kills you cells much faster and effects larger amount of cells. If you look at the size of the two cities, the population of Hiroshima is much larger then that of Chernobyl, then you will also have much less serious consequences from a radiation standpoint
This is not a joke, let me explain. I would not be here today had I not done some research before contacting you, so please pay attention. I have done some digging on the internet and come across an article regarding taste evolution, it is an interesting read. It states that our taste buds physically change with age and start recognizing more bitter, spicier and saltier tastes.  This phenomenon has been proven to work both ways, i.e, as we age our taste buds " adapt " to foods that are considered more trendy or " adult " by society. I personally would love to have a sweet tooth!
Police have expressed concern that adding body cameras would increase the amount of time it takes to process body cams, which could lead to more erroneous accusations being thrown out and incorrect convictions.  There is no definitive evidence to support this concern. Police have also expressed concern that some people may not adopt body cams or they may not find them useful.
From my understanding, cancer starts with a mutation in a gene or set of genes that our body uses to check our internal and external environment and make decisions. Without that gene the cells in the body cannot properly react to their surroundings. This then forces the cells to react uncontrollably, either by multiplying at an abnormally high rate leading to the formation of tumors or by clogging up the body's system trying to get out and destroying parts of the body.
When someone has testicular cancer, they do not remove their testicles because the cancer had already spread to the area around the testicles, and removing the testicles would only accelerate the spread of the cancer.
Humans have different bloodtypes because our distant ancestors had children with other species. These species mated with our ancestors and produced children with the same bloodtypes as the child catcher.
Rubber acts as a dielectric substance and it interacts with Electricity in the form of Electric Field which changes the shape and also flows in the form of Electromagnetic Waves. When there is a change in Electric field which is caused by the presence of rubber, the flowing electromagnetic waves change the position of electrons in the rubber, which in return change the Dipole moment of the electrons. The change in Dipole moment in turn causes change in electrical resistance and heat generation in the form of Joule effect. The heat melts the rubber further increasing the Electromagnetic Field causing further change in electrical resistance and heat generation.  In simple words this phenomenon is called Resistive Switching. It is one of the leading candidate for the implementation in Future Electronic Devices.
When we tune in to a radio station on AM radio our radio tuner emits an electromagnetic signal at a frequency of about 400KHz, the signal hits a FM radio antenna and excites the FM radio to reproduce the signal at 14,000KHz which in turn comes out of our radio speakers.   The electrical energy to excite the FM radio is provided by a battery that powers the radio. As we normally use the radio during the day when the FM radio is broadcasting, our FM radio uses the stored electrical energy from the battery to produce the 1400KHz AM radio signal.  Now this sounds like a great story but the electrical energy provided by the battery is actually 1000 times less than what we hear. The energy we hear is a sine wave with a frequency of 400KHz and the voltage across the antenna has to be great than 900V, for that the battery needs to have a voltage of 18V which it doesn't have.   Also the strength of the radio wave changes from AM to FM, if we use a directional antenna it can get stronger, so what happens when we point it down the drain and that goes to the FM radio antenna.
Lucid dreaming is more of a mindset and practice. It comes down to making sure you are focusing on your breathing and becoming more aware of your surroundings, especially your bedroom. Being aware of the house helps with blocking out extraneous stimuli such as turning off the lights, closing your eyes etc.. You will naturally start to lucid dream more often with regular practice.
Because mirrors are curved, and the light rays travel in straight lines, and the mirror surface reflects the light in all directions like a sphere, infrared thermometers measure the mirror's surface. The real surface is always the one that the object being measured reflect on.
Let me first clarify what I mean by a social networking site. A social networking site is NOT just a website that allows people to connect with each other. It has evolved from just connecting with friends and family. A social networking site can be like facebook. A social networking site is a platform that allows you to create a public and private persona. While public, you can express what you are passionate about and post content about it and across networks (like LinkedIn). With private persona, you can express more about who you are and confide in your friends and family. Facebook is a social networking site that has made people extremely comfortable with being themselves on it. As it continues to make billions of dollars each year, it is investing in research and development and scaling its platform to handle the load.
Circumcision is a practice which has been done to male infants for countless of years. The benefits of being uncircumcised are clear, easier hygiene and quicker wound healing . The cons are, according to this article  - related to the Rijksen study , slightly more risk of UTIs, slightly increased mortality due to infections at the following six months. What does the 'Denmark is about to vote on banning the process in their country' quote mean? The paper, " Sexual decision making in early adulthood" by Piers Morgan ( an opinion writer for the the'Daily Mail') writes in a recent article that Denmark, a Nordic country, is to vote on banning male circumcision. Morgan goes on to explain how this process became so popular in the USA and why. The article has been shared by the British Ambassador to the USA . The  Daily Mail article is as follows - "Sexual decision making in early adulthood" by Piers Morgan. ( source: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4093738/Sexual-decision-making-early-adulthood-Piers-Morgan.html ) From the link, this is what I gathered
VHS tapes contain a hole in them for a piece of audio wire called a "insert" to be run through the hole and directly into the deck of the video recorder. As soon as the VHS is inserted into a VCR, the VCR searches for an inserted audio insert, removes the audio insert from the VHS tape, routes the audio signal through the audio insert and into the deck.
Two main aspects contribute to microphone's ability to not repeat what it "hears " from the speakers :  1 - The way the soundwaves are captured by the microphone. 2 - The way the audio is processed by the system.  First part is related to the way the soundwaves are captured. Microphones generally rely on sensing sound waves in all directions at different angles. This is achieved using smallpitched sound sensors placed near the microphone's earpiece. The sound is converted into an electrical signal and then the signal is converted into sound as it travels to the microphone's other earpiece. As for the audio processing, most audio processing involves separating the desired audio from all others, this is done by analyzing the frequency content of the audio. The desired audio signal has a consistent frequency content, whereas other sounds may vary considerably in frequency content. So what the audio system does is first analyze the input signal to determine its frequency content. Then it " copies " or filters the content of the desired sound. Finally it uses the filtered content as the reference for further audio processing.  If we look at your example of a skype call, I am able to hear your voice and also the person you are calling because the input signal into the audio processing has
Libertarians believe in the non-agression principle. This basically says that each person should be free to make decisions that affect them without the need for some central authority to decide what those decisions should be. Anarchy on the other hand does not necessarily adhere to this idea, and therefore does not believe in libertarians.
That's a perfectly normal human emotion known as fear. The feeling of fear is natural and universal. Our bodies react and produce certain hormones to help calm our nerves. It's part of the physiological response to anything or anyone that we are not familiar with and it's something we need to get used to. Most people overcome their fear of unfamiliar things after a period of time. Take your time and remember it's not real. You're not in danger. You can do this. Relax.
This depends on the doctor and the particular doctors opinions.  On average, a MRI is thought to be the best, however, some doctors will prefer a CAT or XRAY.  They all have advantages and disadvantages. MRI can show much more detailed images of the body than the others. However, it can also be very expensive and requires specialized scanners that only a few medical facilities have. CAT scans use a low dose of radiation and can show detailed images, but the images are not as detailed as an MRI. XRAY scans use a low dose of radiation, but can only show detailed images of the lungs and blood flow. PET scans use a low dose of radiation and can show detailed images of the body, but are only effective in showing the functions of the organs. A PET scan requires about 20 minutes to be completed and is not useful for showing the detailed images of the lungs and blood flow like an XRAY scan is.
Because they were "baby" beanie babies. They were considered "sustainable money" at the time for a child in the 1960s/1970s because of the baby market in the 1960s/1970s. In other words, the average price of a beanie baby was high enough that it was economically sustainable for a child to be able to buy one.
Run as Administrator implies that your application is running as an account with Administrator rights and credentials.   This isn't necessarily the case for Windows Shell applications like WinRunC, so by default, they run as your regular user and not with Administrator rights.  WinRunC, is actually an example of a Windows API which is marked as requiring Administrator privileges to run. Even though WinRunC is marked as requiring Administrator privileges, running WinRunC through the Windows Shell still runs it with the regular Windows user context and does not provide Administrator privileges to the shell context.
Boiling water does not kill microorganisms whereas very hot not boiling water will kill most microorganisms.  This is because the water boils suddenly and violently which causes the water to evaporate very quickly. This causes the microorganisms to implode and explode due to the sudden change in pressure and heat. Boiling water should never be used for drinking, cooking or cleaning as it can kill microorganisms.
When you get a parking ticket in Los Angeles ( LA ) you might get a fine of about $35. If you don't pay that fine within 30 days the ticket will be invalidated and you will be penalized a three point suspension. The suspension takes effect immediately and the parking ticket goes inactive. If you pay the fine before the 30 days have passed you will get a ticket with a zero point penalty. The fine will remain the same but the ticket will be considered paid and won't count against your suspension.
It is highly unlikely that two different people would see the same color and call it red. While the human eye is capable of differentiating between very small color differences, most people cannot distinguish similar shades of gray or brown.   If a particular shade of red is a match for what you call red, it would only happen once in a billion years, since the number of galaxies in the universe is estimated to be a billion. But most people are wrong at least once a day, and that is considering a very strong tendency to repeat responses to a specific question. So there is about a one in a trillion chance that what you call red is in fact what another person calls red.
When a random command is issued to a computer, it has to generate a sequence of instructions using a randomizer and then execute them. This is because instructions are the basis on which the computer performs tasks. When randomizer is some function that returns a sequence of numbers, then the computer begins with the first number in the sequence and performs the instruction indicated by the first instruction. When the instruction returns a result, the next number in the sequence is used as the next instruction. The process continues until the last instruction returns a result. If there is no randomizer, then each instruction is unique and they have to be performed in sequence.
Many people may do weird faces while working out / carrying heavy objects because it's the most efficient way to work out, or let's say, the most efficient way for you to carry those heavy objects to avoid injuring yourself is to make a weird face
Each of us has a multitude of biological and environmental factors that influence our ability to fall asleep. One of the biological factors is your central nervous system being in a state of homeostasis or stability. You enter deep sleep when your central nervous system is in a state of homeostasis which is the body's ability to return to a balance of nervous activity. For me personally, I feel most comfortable and relaxed when I enter deep sleep and my central nervous system is in a stable state.   Environmental factors also play a role in our ability to fall asleep. We might live in an environment with a lot of lights, sensory stimulation or bright noises all night which will tire our body out and prevent us from falling asleep. It's also important to note that falling asleep could be prevented even if the environment is not keeping you awake. Our mind can also prevent us from falling asleep through an overactive imagination, negative thoughts or worries.
If you switch your mind to the equation 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 = n  You get n = 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 = 21  So the answer is: 21.
What you say is totally right. However in many countries of the world that doesn't work because the native language of the countries is written using non-English characters. When you type this text into Google, for example, it fails to translate the name of the country into English! We thus teach the students the names of countries in their native languages so that they will be able to communicate and learn the names of countries from foreigners too!
No - Knock Warrants are legal in the US because of the 4th Amendment to the US Constitution. The 4th Amendment states that "[t]he right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated." The US Supreme Court ruled that a home owner can ask an intruder to leave their property if the home owner has a reasonable suspicion that the suspect is there to commit a crime.
The flame won't travel down the gas line because the flame tapper that's built into most gas stoves prevents the flame from traveling down the line. The flame tapper is designed to be activated by the flame touching a filament in the base of the stove that's connected to a small battery. When the battery is activated the mechanism that's built into the stove moves, closing a circuit to the burner, cutting off the gas supply to the burner so the flame can't travel down the gas line.
Bethesda and Valve employees aren't known to reveal what they are working on. Both of these companies pride themselves on not revealing too much information about their games, including potentially breaking content.
Both are valid ways to pronounce the letter " W ". The British pronounce it " double - v " and the Americans pronounce it " double - u ". The way that matters most to Americans is that the " v " is pronounced as in the English word " vibration ", and the American pronunciation guide from the American Speech-Language-Immunology Society (ASI) takes this into account when forming " double - u ". However, there is a second approach to pronouncing " W " which is not accounted for by ASI. That approach is called "Wiy-braid", which is a combination of the sounds for "why" and "yeah". This latter approach is the one that Brits tend to use, which is why British import "double - v" into the U.S. and pronounce " W " as they do. This is why Brits pronounce " Kraft Music Hall " as " Kraft double- v Music Hall " and not " Kraft Music Hall " as it would be spelled.
The earth is commonly referred to as a female because for most of human history, it was thought to be a female.  It was common for women to be viewed as "mother" or " matron " and the earth was similarly viewed as the place of birth and creation.    It is interesting to note that in the 16th and 17th century, it was common for the god Jupiter to be referred to as "he".  This was a way to soften the gender associated with him.
Well firstly, everyone is different so here's an example of what works for one person and might not work for another.  Someone watches a lot of porn, this allows them to see lots of different sexual experiences and even though they might not be into the act of having those experiences themselves, they can observe and imagine themselves in a scenario that might turn them on.  Having an appreciation of how different people present and act in similar situations allows you to be more yourself, to empathise more with your partner and to be able to play your part in an activity that can still be intimate without you feeling like you're being invaded.
People use old technology to sound smart which actually hinders your ability to communicate. Its not just old radio and tv either. The cell phones and ipads people are using these days uses a lot of computing power, and also many people use texting and social media which limits their ability to listen and speak with others in a more organic manner.
