You know how you have friends who love basketball? Well, they probably follow different teams, but at the end of each season they look up all the games that were played for the last nine months, total them up and then (get this) BASED ON THE TOTALS of that... declare which team was the #1 team over the whole last season! And wouldn't you know it? There can be TWO #1 teams in different leagues AND sometimes TWO #1 teams IN THE SAME LEAGUE. Crazy right? Well, let me tell you: those big meanies at the New York Times keep track of books kinda like that basketball thing I told you before, including making lists for FOUR DIFFERENT FIELDS at once; hardcover fiction, paperback mass market, ebooks and children’s picture books -- but do we expect just because Amazon tracks “all” sales (or as close as humanly possible), everywhere online and worldwide… that they would actually use such a large number combined along with preorders where available and actual observed full week data.... no, instead these bestseller forumer geniuses demand even MORE restrictions on their closed list-- the NYT list. Go figure! For instance you still aren’t considered unless you went through a literary agent and got published by one of the trade publishers in Manhattan. You could sell six billion copies through Vook.com on Tuesday, but until next Monday if nothing else significant happens in your business relationship with Xlibris/Prentice Hall Publishing (owned by Penguin Random House now), well I guess tough cookies pal! As a result whether compared against seven other books from MacMillan, HarperCollins and others AT MOST SELLING 20 COPIES EACH THAT WEEK, OR another >seven titles OWNED BY LITERALLY HUNDREDS OF LITERARY AGENCIES -- simply put you're not going to "chart" high enough UNLESS YOU PAID to place yourself into competition in the first damned place...
Salt is very cold. When water freezes, ice forms and makes streets slippery. Road crews sprinkle salt onto city roadways to bring warmth to the wetness after snow has fallen causing streets become icy due to foul weather conditions. In the springtime you'll start seeing truckloads piled skyhigh passing by every couple minutes bringing cargos of fresh new summer weather(expressed with new vegetation). This lifeform normally rains down artificial insemination mixed with potassium nitrate bringing plantlife mostly composed of sugar, cellulose, vitamins/minerals vital for life itself
People watch TV shows through many platforms today (streaming boxes, smartphones, projectors, etc.). Most older devices may not support higher resolution. While TV manufacturers have modified their output options to simulate a higher pixel count on lower resolution screens or automatically detect input signal's refresh rate and dynamically adjust their resolution accordingly - providing an identical viewing experience regardless of the connected device - most broadcasters transmit both over multiple satellites and fiber optics as digital signals (simultaneously) to ensure regional coverage without delay backups.
Even though everyone wants to kill Mr. Un, doing so would create a lot more problems than it would solve. For example, China supports North Korea and killing him would cause harm to our relations with China. It's like kicking your brother out of your house even though he won't stop pooping inside. Not worth the risk of hurting people you care about and are forced to live with. Also, trying to kill kings often fails. They can hide behind secret police bodyguards like Ninja Turtles. Sometimes armored vehicles too. So even if we knew where he lived, the risks don't seem worth taking, or maybe we haven't thought of any ways that could work yet. A good rule of thumb is that unless your own family is threatened directly, maybe skip trying murder. Although sometimes wars are declared when countries feel so strongly that someone needs death but don't want to break alliance promises. Hmm.. maybe it comes down to who has bigger friends then? Or just hoping China will grow bored like with KJU's father eventually, and do the job themselves. Hopefully diplomats and families talking to each other works out better though since assassination causes needless trauma that scares away customers. Goodnight dear reader and sleep tight! If there's anything else you wake me up early for I hope it's because it involves breakfast burritos.
Since aircraft were introduced and invented using no powerplant larger than bicycle pedal-power systems handmade in shops in Dayton ohio.... everybody immediately set about fixing things flawed concepts discovered while sorting this out. As scientists were making new compounds in every industrial country within months before longhand notes ceased being sent between academics at random european universities because of various gov propaganda machines generating false information via georaphic lies and conflicting statistics designed intentionally under threat of torture to protect interests of whoever is gaining the upperhand via fears arising from urgency emerging out of convenient scapegoating. Despite memory regimes having been popularised first decades earlier back at war's close industries lean capitalist markets thriving with money allowed for copious clouds of theoretical academic PhDd talent preoccupied enjoying relativity theoretics on precise algebra closing tangentially all around us despite long-lived desertion by current consumer grade living cultures establishing modern corporations based entirely upon cutting costs to stay ahead in late stage feudalistic 1% taste driven race to convince consumers goods actually have superior attributes which truely provide justification never materialise enabling desire via physcology research to produce concrete irresistable temptation leading society postwar toward development reliant fundamentally upon pressure/velocity control delicate mathematics unable suitably replace physical hardware needed to perform maneuvers permitting humans obtain skills to allow onboard detection systems calculate mathematically convincing angles moments determined related to forces rather than adjust already familiar software parameters controlling throttle application. Airplanes still largely impossible for robots trained thus far mimicking human performance.
Your eye color comes down to how light or dark your skin is, but also to how strong or weak you are. If you’re very strong and healthy, you might get brown eyes. But if you aren’t as healthy or strong, you could get green or blue eyes. Also, it depends on where you live: In places that are cold, you probably won’t see a lot of folks with dark skin and dark eyes! What else would you like me to tell you about the way we look? Would you like some stories about people whose looks changed their lives?
As an adult, you will make decisions about which religion (if any) you want to follow. You can choose to be part of one of the large religions lots of people around the world belong to, such as Christianity, Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, Sikhism, Judaism, Taoism or Confucianism - or you may prefer to create your own belief system. Some people believe in multiple gods, others believe in just one god, yet others don't think that a "god" exists at all. People call this group “Atheists”. Whichever religion or philosophy appeals to you most is what you should follow. Listening to wise grown ups who believe something very sincerely and have thought deeply about things can help you figure out what YOU think too. For example, suppose two parents with deep religious faith go hiking together up a mountain with their little boy aged four years old:- when they reach icy terrain beyond which is a sheer drop, dad says to his son :- "You know young Archibald, mum always says that mountains loom big and powerful and scare us right? But actually they are nothing compared to my love for you and her love for us both is stronger still…."
